{
    "hww_alone": ["Just a year ago, things were so different.", "It's about who stays, not who promised.", "Alone doesn’t mean lonely.", "People come into our lives and you never know for how long.", "What you see isn’t always the whole truth.", "I don't regret my past. I just regret the time I've wasted with the wrong people.", "My biggest problem is overthinking everything", "My silence means I'm tired of everything", "I have a lot of unsaid thoughts", "Sometimes, letting go is the best thing you can do", "Why do people keep on hurting me like I'm one of their toys?", "sadly, i'm not enough for the person who i considered my everything", "it hurts but i’ll never show that im hurt", "Thinking about you never ends", "Remember when i said i am fine? Yeah, I lied.", "Promise we break them , Memories They break us .", "when i got attached, you left.", "I dont know which I would rather believe. That you never did care or that you eventually stopped.", "Silence is better than explaining", "i wanna mute my overthinking", "I hide my pain with a smile", "my “okay” will never be okay", "i'm strong but i cry quickly", "i hate texting, i wanna see you", "Mood: forever missing you", "Tired, sad and overthinking", "you're not mine but i miss you everyday", "overthinking is my partner at night", "i wanna be okay, i wanna feel fine", "I’m still trying to be happy and fine", "i break my own heart by caring too much", "pretending to be okay is not easy at all", "sometimes it’s better to say nothing", "im sorry, im really sorry for being me", "i know everything, i’m just quiet", "Songs explain what i can’t explain", "Better to b alone than being wid sme1 who makes u feel alone.", "No one stays with you permanently so learn to survive alone.", "Sometimes you just have to stay silent because no words can explain what’s going on in your mind and heart.", "I’m the type of girl who smiles to make everyone’s day. Even though I’m dying inside.", "Its better to just quietly miss someone rather than let them know and just get no response.", "''Never search your happiness in other , it will makes you feel none search it in yourself you will feel happy even when you are left alone''", "Sometimes i pretend that i dont care. But really, i care more than anyone else ever will.", "I understand why you left But what i dont understand why im still waiting for you?", "Dear Feelings, i need you to move on.", "i wish i could ignore you the way you ignore me.", "I Hope you will always Remember all the great memories we Created, Because i will.", "Just because we are not close anymore doesn’t mean I dont care about you.", "i am scared of getting too close to anyone because those who said that they will always be there for me.", "Missing someone is a part of loving them, if you are never apart then you will never know how strong your love really is.", "Dont cry over someone who wouldnt cry over you.", "Some days I cant stop thinking about you, and other days I wonder why I am wasting my time.", "When she ignores you, thats when you need to talk to her the most.", "No matter how hard you try, Some people will never change.", "Sorry isn’t always enough. Sometimes you actually have to change.", "Every time you ignore me, i regret every text message that i have ever sent you.", "Some things will never go back to the way they used to be. No matter how much you miss them.", "Never depend on others too much because someday you will have to walk alone.", "We may Forget the person but memories stay there forever", "Sometimes I hate getting close to people because I think they will just walk out of my life no matter how close we are.", "I feel so alone sometimes.", "I never feel alone bcz loneliness is always with me", "Loneliness is better than a bad company.", "Sometimes, only pain and patience can prove it.", "Once upon a time, I was stupid enough to fall in love with you.", "I hope you're doing fine all alone.", "Sometimes You need to stand alone to find out who you really are..", "Just because I let you go, doesn’t mean i wanted to.", "Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.", "People who are always Online are the Loneliest ...Agree.?", "When You Sit Alone ...You Sit With Your Past ... :(", "Its better to be lonely then to be played by wrong people.", "The scariest thing about distance is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you.", "It’s hard missing someone I can’t talk to", "i always hide what hurts me the most", "my heart feels heavy but thats okay", "everyone leaves in the end anyway", "Please call me, I miss your voice", "My thoughts always destroy my mood", "it's hard for me to stay away from you", "I feel empty when you're not with me.", "I miss you a lot, but it's okay. I'm fine", "i still remember our last eye contact", "I am okay & not okay at the same time", "It scares me how temporary everything is", "I did my best to keep you. I’m done trying", "My Status are messages for you", "I overthink because I notice everything", "there’s a lot in my heart but i can’t say", "current mood: i wanna talk with you", "i hate how sensitive i am sometimes", "I just want to stop thinking and sleep.", "i need someone who never change", "i hate it when i can't control my tears", "Dear old days , I miss you", "We’re all weak for someone", "i suffered, i learned, i changed", "You broke my heart, but i still love you with all the pieces.", "I told you what hurt's me the most and you did it perfectly.", "Just sleep when it's hurt", "The reason why we can't let go of someone is because deep inside we still have hopes.", "Sometimes i wish i could just literally sleep the whole day so i don't have to deal with life and all its crap.", "Hiding your feelings isnt the easy way out but sometimes its the only thing you can do.", "Maybe i should learn not to get too attached.", "Reading Old Messages And Wondering Where It All Changed.", "I'm a girl I cry over stupid boys My room is a mess Sometimes music is my only friend I'm not perfect But I'm me.", "Just because a relationship is over, doesn't mean the feelings are.", "Everyone deserves a person that can make their heart forget that it was ever broken.", "Please promise you will be back, i am nothing without you.", "A wrong relationship will make you feel more alone than when you were single.", "The worst thing in life is not losing the one we love, but losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much.", "i am single because i would rather be alone than be with a guy who makes me feel alone.", "Another month. Another year. Another smile. Another tear. Another winter and another summer too. But there can never be another you.", "Its better to break your own heart by leaving, rather than having that person break your heart every day you are with them.", "Its better to just quietly miss someone rather than to let them know and get no response.", "The hardest thing to do is walk away from someone you cant forget.", "I hate getting flashbacks from things I dont wanna remember.", "I dont hate you i hate what you have done.", "Loneliness is a good feeling when it is created by yourself, but.. it is the worst feeling when it is Gifted by others.", "Every night i sit at home alone, wondering whether you are thinking of me too.", "The sad moment when you find an old conversation between YOU and Someone you don't talk to anymore.", "At Childhood we cry loudly to get what we like, but when Grown up we cry silently to forget what we like.", "Living Alone Is Really Better Than Living With Fake People Who Hate You But Act Like Loving You", "lying in your bed, thinking of one person and remembering all those Memories and then realize that they might never happen again.", "Sometimes, the people who are thousands of miles away from you, can make you feel better than people right beside you.", "It's hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember.", "We are all so much together, but we are all dying of loneliness.", "Telling someone how you feel is honestly the hardest thing ever.", "Saying that you're okay is much easier rather than explaining all the reasons why you're not .", "Sometimes, giving someone a second chance is like...giving them an extra bullet for their gun because they missed you the first time.", "I like  being alone, listening to music in my own world, away from all the bullshit in life.\"", "I don’t really have feelings until night time and then I get sad about everything.", "BestLieEver \"I will always love you.\"", "I miss you. I miss us. I miss having you to talk to whenever I wanted. But I know I have to move on, because it's pointless.", "You should step in my shoes and walk a mile. Then maybe you'll see how hard it is to hold back tears and fake a smile.", "Sometimes it's good to be alone, it teaches you how to be more independent.", "Those who are heartless, once cared too much.", "Just remember that when no one was there for you, I was. When no one gave a damn about you, I did.", "No matter how strong you are, there's always someone who can make you weak.", "If you don't want me , don't mess with my feelings .", "I hate seeing you because you bring back the feelings I tried so hard to forget.", "There are Billions of people in this world, but sometimes you really need just one.", "I dont care who was before me, as long as I know there is nobody during me.", "“You told me I was perfect, but you still left. I should have known my perfect wouldn’t be good enough.”", "It’s hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember."],
    "hww_angry": ["i am scared to see you with someone else.", "The same person who said the sweetest things to me also said some of the meanest things I've ever heard.", "Don't make so many promises when you can't even keep one.", "Silence is the best way to react while angry.", "Some things can never be forgotten and nor forgiven.", "Silence is the best way to react while angry.", "Getting angry is actually punishing yourself with the mistakes of others.", "I hate the moment when suddenly my anger turns into tears.", "Your mistake is letting me go, my mistake was letting you in.", "There are no words to describe the anger and frustration that I am feeling right now.", "When we don’t know who to hate, we hate ourselves.", "When you are angry, your text speed increases by a ridiculous amount.", "Anger is a feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind.", "Anger is our natural deffense against pain. So when i say i hate you, it really means you hurt me.", "Sometimes i’m not angry, i’m hurt and there’s a big difference.", "It’s better to cry than to be angry because anger hurts others, while tears flow silently through the soul and cleaneses the heart..", "Anger makes you smaller, while forgiviness forces you to grow beyond what you were..", "Anger is poison. You must purge it from your mind or else it will corrupt your better nature.", "Everything is getting expensive except some people, they are getting cheaper…", "For every minute you are angry….. you lose sixty seconds of happiness… Think about It", "They say milk is good for your teeth. You know what else is good for your teeth? Minding your own damn business.", "Never forget what someone says to you when they are angry, because that’s when the truth comes out", "Some people never realise the emotional and mental damage they do to others.", "Nobody makes you angry, you decide to use anger as a response.", "It sucks when you realize you rejected other people for that one person who wasted your time.", "Some people need to open their small minds instead of their big mouths.", "If I delete your number, you’re basically deleted from my life."],
    "hww_attitude": ["Choose people who choose you.", "Don’t waste your words on people who deserve your silence.", "No more expectations from anyone.", "Same lies, different people.", "i'll never be that me again", "I haven’t changed. I grew up", "A gentleman makes commitments. A loser makes promises.", "What other people think of me is none of my business.", "Not single, Not taken, just waiting for something real", "I'm no longer afraid of losing people who aren't afraid of losing me too", "Don’t break yourself just to fit into someone’s life", "Ignore me and I’ll do the same .", "I m not that someone anymore", "Once i lose interest it’s over .", "So many different mood in one day", "Once you lose me, u lost me forever", "I'm done begging for your attention.", "Stop faking just be real", "I decided to stop explaining myself to people uh knw why?  Coz people who love me.. don't need an explanation.. And people who don't love me... don't care for an explanation...", "Love People, not things Use things, not People.", "Don't make time for them who don't make time for you.", "Music is my escape from the bullshit in life.", "Don’t confuse with my personality and my attitude. My personality is who I am. My attitude depends on you.", "I may not be perfect but I am original.", "Stop  trying to fit in when you were born to stand out.", "If you have a problem with me, tell me. not everyone else.", "The only reason people are talking behind your back is because you are already ahead of them.", "Real men talk about women in a respectful manner.", "I dont trust easily, so when I tell you I trust you, please dont make me regret it.", "i may not be the girl that everyone wants, but at least i am not the girl everyone had.", "Before you judge me, make sure you are Perfect.", "I get jealous but i will never show it.", "Dont judge my choices without understanding my reasons.", "I trusted you but now your words mean nothing to me, because your actions spoke the truth.", "Breakups hurt, but losing someone who doesnt respect and appreciate you is actually a gain, not a loss.", "i am who i am and i wont change for anyone.", "How he treats you is how he feels about you.", "I'm a very private person. You don’t ask i don’t tell.", "There’s a difference between somebody who wants you and somebody who would do anything to keep you. Remember that.", "The bravest thing I ever did was continuing my life when I wanted to die.", "I don’t go crazy. I am crazy. I just go normal from time to time….", "Sometimes I want to treat people how they treat me But I don’t because It’s out of my character.", "If there is no one to hold your hand put your hands in your pocket and continue your walk.", "Beauty captures your attention, but personality captures your heart.", "You left without a reason, so please don't come back with an excuse.", "Dear Girls, Stop comparing all guys with your ex. Not all of us are players and jerks.", "You treated me like an option, so i left you like a choice", "Yes, i have changed. Pain does that to People.", "I am not your toy.", "I don’t fear commitment, I fear wasting my time.", "To keep a relationship, you must keep your business to yourself and your partner, The whole world doesnt need to know your problems.", "Stop asking for faithful girls, when you are too busy chasing hoes.", "If you dont want me , Dont fuck with my feelings.", "if you want me let me know, if you dont, please gently let me go.", "Choose me or lose me. I am not a backup plan, and definitely not a second choice.", "I dont have enough middle fingers to show you how i feel.", "I trusted you but now your words mean nothing to me, because your actions spoke the truth.", "I have no need for people who come to me when they need me,then throw me aside when they're fine.", "I’m born to express, not to impress.", "I don’t care for people, who don’t care for me.", "Show me, don't tell me.", "Your attitude may hurt me, But mine can Kill You!!", "Good girls are bad girls, who never get caught.", "Excellence is not a skill, It is an attitude.", "Never, never, never, never give up.", "If you like me Then raise your hand, If not then raise your standard.", "Take care of Your Status, don’t be care taker of My Status", "If you ever think I am ignoring you, I swear I am. My phone is in my hand 24×7", "My life ,my rule,that’s my attitude…", "Problem is not a problem, but problem is that,is your attitude towards the problem.", "Girls are like parking spaces, all the good ones are already taken.", "The only difference between a good day and a bad day is your attitude.",
        "Yes, I’m smiling. But you’re not the reason anymore.", "Nobody can teach me who I am.", "If your are still hate me!then No Problem!.", "Two fundamentals of cool life – Walk like you are the king OR walk like you don’t care ,who is the king.", "Someone Asked me what is UR attitude then i simply replied... \" BEING SINGLE IS MY ATTITUDE…\"", "When Sum One Hates You for no reason. Give them a reason.", "I don’t insult people , I just describe them.", "Before you judge me, Make sure that you’re perfect.", "Be a girl with a mind, a bitch with an attitude, and a lady with class.", "My attitude depends on the people in front of me.", "If you want me, come and get me. If you want me to come, forget it.", "Never give up on something you love", "I'm Not a Tumblr Girl, But I'm Beautiful", "I live, I love, I fight, I cry, but I never give up", "They laughed at me because I'm different. I laughed at them because they're all the same.", "Beauty Fades After Time, But Personality Is Forever!",
        "i may not be the girl that everyone wants, but at least i am not the girl everyone had.", "You treated me like an option, so i left you like a choice", "Everyone deserves second chances but not for the same mistakes.", "\"i am not the girl that got away, but the one you failed to keep.\"", "Take me as i am, or watch me as i go. YOUR CHOICE.", "Dont make time for them who dont make time for you", "I don't fear commitment, I fear wasting my time.", "I might not be perfect, but neither are you..So go and check your mistakes, before rating mine.", "They may try to COPY you, but they can't be YOU.", "If you don't like, don't look. If you don't know, don't talk. If you don't care, don't judge. If you don't have, don't hate.", "The only sensible way to live in this world is to live without rules.", "You think I’ve changed. Truth is you never really knew the real me.", "I don't have enough middle fingers to show you how I feel.", "i'm old enough to know better, young enough to try again", "If you want me, then fight for me. Cause I'm fighting like hell for you", "\"Respect is for those who deserve it, not for those who demand it..\"", "Sorry, but i dont need part time people in my life. Why? Cause' fuck you that's why.", "❒Taken ❒Single ✔ Don't care anymore.", "\"Show me you're interested, and I'll ignore you. Ignore me and I'll run after you. — Men.\"", "To all the girls that say gentlemen don't exist anymore: They do exist but gentlemen are attracted to ladies. Not sluts.", "Putting in headphones, to avoid people's bullshit.", "If you want me let me know. If you don't, please gently let me go.", "I don't trust easily. So when I tell you that \"I trust you\", please don't make me regret it.", "I am who i am and i won't change for anyone.", "Dear broken hearted girls , Hold your head up high and you middle finger higher , let him know what he is missing", "Im not selfish but whats Mine is MINE . End of story", "Don't even try and judge me dude,You have no idea what the Fuck I've been through.", "This is how it goes. I will respect those who respect me & forget those who forget me. Simple as that.", "Seeing your ex go through what they put you through.. Priceless.", "Never Love Someone At The Cost Of Your Dignity And Self Respect...!!!", "Don’t be afraid of being outnumbered , eagles fly alone. Pigeons flock together.", "I don’t treat people badly, I treat them accordingly.", "If your ego speaks with me then my attitude replies to you.", "Beauty is only skin deep.Attitude is down to the bone.", "Before you judge me, Make sure that you’re perfect.", "There are two ways to be happy: Change your situation, or change your mindset towards it."
    ],
    "hww_breakup": ["Me and my heart, we got issues. Don't know if I should hate you or miss you.", "Distance doesn't destroy relationships. Insecurities and doubts do.", "My only crime was loving you and my punishment was the broken heart, you gave me when you walked out of my life.", "Every relationship starts with He is different, and ends with He is just like the rest.", "We used to talk everyday, now its like we dont even know each other.", "I said I'm over you, but every time my phone vibrates, my heart still wishes it's a text from you.", "Relationships fail not cause they are destined to fail, they fail cause one of the two made a choice to give up", "Apologies don't fix broken hearts .", "Every time I trust someone, they give me a reason why I shouldn't.", "Some days I can't stop thinking about you, and other days I wonder why I'm wasting my time.", "If you are still hurt by the breakup, your obviously still not over it.", "It's not the goodbye that hurts, but the flashback that follows.", "\"If BREAK-UPs never existed, the music industry would go halfway BANKRUPT.\"", "Not all people in your life are meant to stay.", "I hate seeing you because you bring back the feelings I try so hard to forget.", "I don't hate you, I hate what you have done.", "I will forgive you but the way i look at you will never be as same as it used to be .", "It takes guts to fall in love, but it takes nerve to go back to the one who broke you", "Relationships end too soon because people stop putting the same effort to keep you as they did to win you.", "\"Many Books ARe Available On\"\"How To Love Someone..!\"\"  But, A Single Book Is Not Available On\"\"How To Forget The Truely Loveable One...!!\"", "The worst way of leaving someone is the one without explanation.", "I want to be with someone who has experienced having a broken heart. So that they know exactly how it feels and won’t break mine.", "STOP wasting your tears on someone who doesn't care to make You SMILE.", "It's hard to move on when you still care.", "I know I have no chance, but somehow I can't stop trying.", "The most painful goodbyes are the ones never said, but the heart already knows it's over.", "PROMISE: We break them ……. MEMORIES: They break us :(", "\"How Strange!! \"Lies don't end relationships, usually the truth does..!\"  RT\"", "A dog is the only thing that can mend a crack in your broken heart", "Love don't cost anything except a lot of tears, a broken heart & wasted years.", "Dont blame me for leaving, blame yourself for not doing the right things to keep me.", "You were most precious trophy i had, But i was the best Game you Played.", "Relationships are like glass. Sometimes its better to leave them broken than hurt yourself trying to put it back together.", "i will forgive you but the way i look at you will never be the same as it used to be.", "Every relationship starts with He is different, and ends with He is just like the rest.", "I will always care for you, even if we are not together and even if we are far, far away from each other.", "sometimes i keep my feelings to myself because its hard for someone to understand.", "Memories are the only reason we cant move on.", "What was my fault….?", "I hate to see his face", "My mouth says I’M OK my fingers text I’M FINE my heart says I’M BROKEN", "Sometimes breakups aren’t meant for makeups, sometimes they are meant for wake-ups.", "A broken friendship can be a comma or a full stop. You choose.", "I want someone to be afraid of losing me.", "If you left me without a REASON, Do not come back with an Excuse", "You know my name not my story.", "Need Love? … No… I would prefer vodka!", "I'm slowly giving up.", "What do you do when Something that was your Everything becomes a Nothing?", "One day you will want me and tell me sorry, but it’ll be too late.", "Sometimes there is so much we feel but so little we can say.", "Tears are prayers too. They travel to God when we can't speak.", "One day you will see what you lost. One day I'll see what I gained.", "Smile. It will make him so jealous to see you're happy without him.", "I am crazy but original, You try to be me& you fail.", "Follow your heart and see where you land.", "I want to be the god of evil, because to control the evil of my self.", "I hope we can still be friends~~ the worst break up line ever.", "Why try holding onto the past when the future could be so much better.", "Its too late to take back all the you put me through.. I'm moving on with my life.", "My rear-view mirror has officially fallen off, no more looking back!", "You were a moment, but now, you're a memory!", "The only way to fix this situation is to go back to when you asked me out...and say no.", "What happens when it's time to let go of something you can't live without?", "Maybe, someday, i just might forgive you.", "Is tired of trying, sick of crying, yea I'm smiling, but inside I'm dying...!!", "I will never learn to stop loving you I am just learning how to live without you and move on without you.", "Every breakup is just another opportunity to do it right the next time.", "Never trust those people who don't understand your feelings.", "Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.", "If it’s not a happy ending then it’s not the ending at all.", "The hardest moment are not those when tears flow from eyes. It's when you have to hide the tears in your eyes with a smile on your lips", "I Wish I Could Give You My Pain So That You Understand How Much You Hurt Me.", "Remember all those long conversations that lasted for hours? I miss them", "The hardest thing is not talking to someone you used to talk to everyday.", "It takes guts to fall in love. But it takes nerve to go back to the one who broke you.", "When a relationship fails, its both their fault. One for giving up and walking away, and the other for not stopping them.", "We dont stop loving someone we simply learn to live without them", "i will forgive you but the way i look at you will never be the same as it used to be", "I hate seeing you because you bring back the feelings I tried so hard to forget.", "It sucks when you are ignored by the one person whose attention means the world to you.", "You know you have experienced true love when you have lost it.", "Saying that you are okay is so much easier rather than explaining all the reasons why you are not.", "Apologies dont fix broken hearts.", "Lies dont end relationships, The truth does.", "If a girl has a wall up its because it was built. Brick by brick, lie after lie, heartbreak after heartbreak.", "HOPE = Hold On Pain Ends.", "Sorry For Caring, Sorry For Trying, But Most Of All, I am Sorry I Let You In.", "We used to talk everyday, now its like we dont even know each other.", "The worst feeling is not being lonely. Its being forgotten by someone you would never forget.", "Its better to break your own heart by leaving, rather than having that person break your heart every day you are with them.", "I wish you could go back to how we use to be, I miss that.", "Letting go doesnt mean giving up. it means moving on.", "Breakups hurt, but losing someone who doesnt respect and appreciate you is actually a gain, not a loss.", "Just because a relationship ends, doesnt mean two people stopped loving each other. sometimes, they just stopped hurting each other.", "You see a Person’s true colors when you are no longer beneficial to their life.", "The truth is: I can’t hate you, even if I try.", "Never give up on someone who means so much to you.", "i am mature enough to forgive you, but i am not dumb enough to trust you again.", "Some guys just dont realize how much one little thing can hurt a girl.", "We are not as close as we used to be, but i am here for you if you need me.", "And sometimes you just have to forget about that person you once loved and move on.", "I think about us a lot , even when us Does not exist.", "I act like I don’t care, but inside, I care more than you can ever think.", "Sometimes all you have to do is forget what you feel and remember what you deserve.", "Hiding your feelings isnt the easy way out but sometimes its the only thing you can do.", "I dont care that I dont have you right now because I have whole a lot of faith that we are meant to be together.", "If I delete your number, you are basically deleted from my life.", "I was only a timepass in your life..But someday u wil truly realise that the time passed wid me was the most beautiful time ever.", "Trusting you again is my decision, Proving me wrong is your choice.", "Sometimes two people have to fall apart to realise how much they need to fall back together.", "Relationships are very simple. There are only two things that can happen. You either get married or your break up.", "It’s hard to tell your mind to stop loving someone when your heart still does.", "People say follow your heart…but which way do you go when your heart breaks into two?", "A break up is like a broken mirror. It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself to fix it.", "Love people, not things. Use things, not people.", "Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened."],
    "hww_brothers": ["Being brother & sister means being there for each other.", "Sometimes being a brother is even better than being a super hero.", "Brothers and sisters separated by distance, joined by love.", "There is no better friend then a Brother, and there is no better Brother than you.", "My brotherz the world best brotherz ever 1 person have.", "My Brother.. My love & My Life", "You are Taller than me now.. But still you are little brother for me."],
    "hww_busy": ["I hate it when I need you and you're always busy with your life.", "\"It`s so easy to lose a diamond while you`re busy collecting stones\"", "I may be busy, but I will always be available for you, because I love you.", "No one in this world is so busy. Their ego makes them busy.", "I'm too busy for people who are too busy for me...", "Being busy and being productive are 2 different things.", "I wanted to figure out why I was so busy, but I couldn't find the time to do it.", "Nobody is too busy, its just a matter of priorities.", "Just coz i am busy does not mean i don't love you.", "I am too busy to have a girlfriend."],
    "hww_cheat": ["if you are in a relationship, flirting is cheating.", "Cheating is a choice not a mistake.", "Cheating isnt always kissing, touching, or flirting. If you gotta delete text messages so your partner wont seem them, you are already there.", "Once a cheater, always a repeater.", "I just want an honest relationship. No lies. No mind games. No cheating.", "People always cheated me,because I loved them like mad…", "Alphabets in \"TEACHING\" & \"CHEATING\" are common.. Those who try 2 'Cheat' u often 'Teach'...", "Its not cheating unless you get caught.", "If you honest and frank,people may cheat you.Be honest and frank anyway.", "If you are in a relationship. Flirting is CHEATING.", "Don't cry over someone that won't cry over you.", "Once a cheater always a cheater, they can never be trusted again.", "Cheating is easy. Try something hard, like being committed.", "People don't cheat by chance, they cheat by choice.", "If you had enough time to cheat, you had enough time to think about it.", "Don't lie, don't cheat, and dont make promises you can't keep.", "Cheaters think everyone cheats. Liars think everyone lies. Keep this in mind.", "I don't understand why people cheat, if you're not happy, just leave.", "There is no excuse for cheating in a relationship.", "If you are not interested then don't cheat him.. Better leave him"],
    "hww_crush": ["Today I Caught myself smiling for no reason then I realize I was thinking about you.", "I will wait for you because honestly i don't want anyone else.", "When you know why you like someone, it’s a crush. When you have no reason or explanation, it’s love.", "The moment I met him, I knew that I was looking at my future.", "Stop falling in love with me.", "I wish I could just ask you, WHAT DO YOU THINK OF ME.", "You have no idea how fast my heart beats When I see U", "Because of you, half the time I don't even know that I'm smiling.", "I look at you...to see you looking at me... i just blush and look away awkwardly...", "I'll be yours forever, just tell me when to start.", "whenever i get a txt from you i break out into smiles.", "My Experience Said... It's risky", "I love the ones who are in my life and make it amazing. I also love the ones who left my life and made it fantastic.", "Loving you is like breathing How can I stop?", "Dear crush :- When I am alone there are too many things in my mind to tell you, but when I see you I become speechless", "He had the most cutest smile… I miss him."],
    "hww_cry": ["Never use your eyes to cry for the one who fooled you, instead use it to search for the right one.", "Cry is a love detector. When someone makes you cry, it shows how much you love them and how much their relationship means to you.", "Sometimes a good cry in the shower, is All you need to release the pain that has build up inside !!", "Don’t waste your tears crying over someone who doesn’t even deserve to see you smile.", "Don’t waste your tears crying over someone who doesn’t even deserve to see you smile.", "Instead of wiping your tears, wipe away the people who caused them.", "Sometimes you have to hold your head up high, blink away the tears, and say good-bye.", "I smile to the camera, I smile to my friends, I smile to my family, I smile to the world but I cry for myself.", "Never cry for the person who hurts you, Just smile and say THANKS for giving me a chance to find someone better than you.", "When a girl cries over a guy, it's normal. When a guy cries over a girl, he will never love another girl like her.", "Crying is how your heart speaks, when your lips can't explain the pain you feel.", "A tear is made of … 1% water and 99% feelings.", "I cry then I cut, then I cry again, it never ends.", "An eye with dust and a heart with trust always cries.", "If you're going to make me cry, at least be there to wipe away the tears .", "Tears come from the heart and not from the brain.", "An Eye with Dust ‘n A Heart with Trust Always Cries.", "Stop crying over yesterday and start smiling for tomorrow."],
    "hww_cute": ["To the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world.", "Relationships are like drugs. They either kill you or give you the best feeling of your life.", "People who hide their feelings usually care the most.", "When a girl’s acting like she doesn’t care about you anymore, that’s when she needs you the most.", "If i didnt care about you, i wouldnt get so mad at the things you do.", "Forgiveness is the Sweetest Revenge.", "Don’t treat people as bad as they are, treat them as good as you are.", "It doesn’t matter if the guy is perfect or the girl is perfect, as long as they are perfect for each other.", "Don’t lose hope. When the sun goes down, the stars come out.", "From A to Z all that really matters is I and U.", "Let’s walk together ….. Be together …… Stay together and Grow old together.", "I want an honest relationship. No lies. No mind games. No cheating.", "Love your parents. We are so busy growing up, we often forget they are also growing old.!!", "As long as I have memories in my heart, I will always have a smile on my face :", "Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life.", "Lotus, Tulip, Jasmin, Lilly All flowers are sweet but they have no comparison with YOU.", "I can’t fix all your problems but I can promise you won’t have to face them all alone.", "If she Texts u Good morning every morning. It means she is thinking of u as soon as she wakes", "A Girl looks Most Beautiful when tears are welling up in her eyes and Yet She Smile Back at You."],
    "hww_devotional": ["If God is all you have, you have all you need.", "Put God in the driver's seat of your life. Because everything under his control will never be out of control.", "If God is all you have, you have all you need.", "While I am a ceation of God, I am also obligated to realize and remember everyone else and everything are also God's creation.", "God's word is your sword!.", "Sometimes GOD doesn't give you what you think you want Not because you don't DESERVE IT but bacause you DESERVE me.", "Don't think of it as being blocked, think of it as god's way of protecting you!", "When God is your reason to live, you will never have a reason to quit.", "God has no phone but i talk to him. He  is not on Facebook but he is still my friend. He does not have a twitter account but i still follow him.", "Human Love says: \"If ever you need anything, I will be there.\" God's Love says: \"You will never be in need of anything I am always here.\"", "If God is all you have you have all you need.", "God is faithful even when his children are not.", "I am a child of GOD.", "Spiritual maturity is not a matter of years or time, it's just a matter of your connection with the Lord and His Word, and your obedience and your humanity.", "You are really three persons; What you think you are, what others think you are, and what God Knows you to be.", "The Devil was ordained to see if he could get you to not believe GOD.", "God always gives us what we need in time.", "Expect Great things From GOD.", "Remember God will never never take away something from you without replacing it with Something Better.", "GOD always has something for you. a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow & a plan for every tomorrow.", "God does not give you the people you want, he gives you the people you need.To help you, to hurt you, to leave you, to LOVE you and to make you the person you were meant to BE", "Don't ask GOD to make your life easier ask HIM to make you a stronger person.", "A relationship with God is the most important relationship you can have. Trust Him and everyhting will always turn out fine.", "When you go to your knees God will help you stand up to anythnig.", "I may be bent, but not broken. If he brings you to it, He will bring you through it.", "Appreciate the people God gives to you... You never know when He will need them back.", "One of the best gifts we can give ourselves is time alone with God.", "You are beautiful I know, because I made you.", "Let Go of your PAST! so GOD can open the door of your Fiuture!", "GOD understands our prayers even when we can't find the words to say them.", "Trust the Lord who is Leading you.", "Nothing in all creation will ever be able to sepaeate us from the love of God .", "When thing's get tough JUST PRAY.", "If God can turn night into day . He can turn a burden into a blessing.", "Give thanks to the Lord for his love endures forever.", "KEEP Praying until God Answers .", "God's direction removes confusion.", "Dear God, I want to take a minute not to ask for anythnig from you, but simply to say thank you,for all I have.", "GOD ANSWERS IN 2 WAYS :  He says yes and gives you what you want : He says no and gives you something better.", "When I didn't get what I wanted, I smiled and realized that GOD is keeping a better thing for me.", "DID YOU \"Thank God for walking up\"?, because some people weren't able to do that today.", "Dear God, thank you for everything.", "Always believe in GOD. Because there are some questions that even Google can't answer.", "Every day do your BEST. GOD will do the rest.", "God please let me treated tomorrow as I treated others Today.", "If GOD answers your prayers, He is increasing your faith. If he doesn't, He is training your patience.", "Trusting GOD is more than What we feel and see. what walk by faith NOT by sight.", "Every evening I turn worries over to God. He's going to be up all might anyway.", "GOD has a way of making room in your life for something BeTTeR. Be comforted in his wisdom.", "What we are is god's gift to us. What we become is our gift to god.", "Let God's promises shine on your problems.", "Acknowledge the blessings you already have... before you asking for more....", "Follow the footprints of the lord. They will lead you through troubled times and brighten your life.", "When we pray, GOD hears more than we say, HE answers more than we ask, He gives more than we imagine but... In his own time, In his own way! So keepfait!", "I want to thank you, Lord, for life and all that's in it. Thank you for the day and for the hour,and the minute.", "With god All Things Are Possible.", "God tells us to burden him with whatever burdens us.", "When prayers go up, blessings come down.", "Most people do not pray; they only beg.", "Prayer requires more of the heart than of the tongue.", "To be present is to be prayerful.", "Don't pray when it rains if you don't pray when the sun shines.", "Peace be to you, fear not.", "People see God every day, they just don't recognize him.", "What you are is God's gift to you, what you become is your gift to God.", "God never ends anything on a negative; God always ends on a positive.", "Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God; trust also in me. Jesus", "God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today. Have you used one to say 'thank you?'", "God never stops giving us reasons to PRAISE HIM .", "When people let you Down. God will pick you up.", "GOD'S Love never Fails.", "When you are going  through something hard and wonder where GOD is Remember the teacher is always quiet during a test.", "Have Faith in GOD.", "It is ok to cry if you're in pain. Remember tears are prayers too. They travel to God when we can't speak.", "If you're reading this...that , means you're still alive and that means GOD still has a purpose for you A hope, A future.", "Give God Your pain. No matter how deep it is, His love is deeper.", "GOD is the best listner, you don't need to shout, nor cry out loud. Because he hears even the very silent prayer of a sincere heart.", "Life Hurts ,  God Heals.", "LORD,make my words as sweet as honey, for tomorrow I may have to eat them.", "Dear God, No matter what happens, give me the heart that is willing to obey you whatever the cost may be.", "Life without GOD is like an unsharpened pencil...there is no point.", "God's \"NO\" is not a rejection. It's a redirection.", "Dear God, Please put your arm over my shoulder And your hand over my mouth.", "Be happy when God answers your prayers....But be more thankful when he uses you as an Instrument to answer someone's else's prayer! Be a CHANNEL ofblessings in every day of your life....", "Stop comparing your love story with those you see in movies.They 're written by scriptwriters, your's is written by GOD.", "Prayer relases the power and wisdom of God into a situation.", "When you're tempted to lose patience with someone,think how patient God has being with you all the time.", "Dear God, thank you for being there when nobody else was.", "Thank you Lord for Giving us this day.", "Thank you Lord for Giving us this day.", "GOD Loves You!", "Prayer is the world's greatest wireless communication.", "Commit to the lord whatever you do, and your plans will succeed.", "Dear GOD.... I don't ask you to make my life easier, but i ask you to give me the strength to face all my trouble.", "Dear God, I will never be able to thank you enough for always being there for me.", "The smile on my face doesn't mean my life is perfect. It means I appreaciate What I have and What God has blessed me with.", "If you never thank GOD after every smile then you have no right to blame him for every tear.", "God speaks to those who take time to listen, and He listens to those who take time to pray.", "God gives us people to love and things to use, not things to love and people to use...", "Only God can fill an Empty Heart.", "What if you woke up today with only the things you thanked God for yesterday?", "God is working things out for you, even when you don't feel it.Have faith and be thankful.", "Talk happiness; talk faith; talk health. Say you are well, and all is well with you, and God shall hear your words and make them true.", "Sometimes God does NOT give What you Ask. But He makes you Feel Good With What you have. Appreciate all that you Are and All that you have."],
    "hww_emotional": ["I feel like everything i do is wrong :(", "What I don't understand is how a person can tell you so many lies and never feel bad about it.", "I hate acting like I don't care when it's really tearing me up inside.", "If you treat her the same way you treat others, how is she supposed to know that she is special to you?", "We all get addicted to something that takes away the pain.", "You aren't worthy of her silence if you can't respect her feelings.", "Never assume that someone likes you by their sweetness. Sometimes, you're just an option when they're bored.", "When you can tell your story and it doesn’t make you cry, that’s when you know you’ve healed.", "I get jealous because I am afraid someone is going to make you happier than I do.", "When you're happy, you enjoy the music But when you're sad, you understand lyrics.", "Silent people have the greatest heart.", "Your emotions trouble you only in those things which you call yours.", "Sometimes you need to run away just to see who will follow you.", "If you a girl make laugh she likes you, but if you make her cry, she loves you."],
    "hww_exam": ["How to prepare for exams: Cry.", "During last 5 minutes of examination every student gets a super natural power.", "Law of studentology: Book continues to be in state of rest or covered with dust and soil, unless exams are appeared", "Don't Spend all night studying, because you will sleep through exam.", "Don't stress, do your best, forget the rest.", "Keep calm and fighting for the final exam.", "Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.", "HOW TO SOLVE MATHS: 1. Write down the problem. 2. CRY", "Exam On Life OFF!!!!", "I am in a relationship with studies and it’s complicated.", "Study mode!", "Study smarter, NOT HARDER"],
    "hww_faith": ["i appreciate honesty more than anything", "The LORD has a way of showing you the difference between what your plan was & how much better HIS PLAN is for your life.", "God is love, and we can never know true love apart from Him.", "We must be faithful, but not stupid!", "Sorry for trusting you, i won’t make that mistake again.", "Speaking the Truth is one of the healthiest thing you can do in any relationship.", "Trust is like an eraser it gets smaller and smaller after every mistake.", "One lie can ruin a thousands Truths.", "A true relationship is when you can tell each other anything and everything. No secrets and no lies.", "Behind every untrusting girl, is a boy who lied, cheated and broke his promises to her.", "Faith makes all things possible. Love makes them easy.", "\"The worst distance between two people is missunderstanding\"", "If you don't respect her, you obviously don't deserve her.", "Trust is a key of relationship...", "Patience is not a virtue. !Its just waste of Time...", "Honesty is the best Gift you can give.", "If you ever lose my trust, you probably will never get it back.", "Every time I start trusting someone,they show me why I shouldn’t.", "A great relationship is about two main things. First, find out the similarities. Second, respect the differences.", "Being single is better than being in a unfaithful relationship..!!", "The greatest advantage of speaking the truth is that you don’t have to remember what you said.", "A relationship is based on trust.", "If you want to be trusted, be honest. If you want to be honest, be true. If you want be true, be yourself."],
    "hww_flirty": ["I can flirt too, but I prefer serious relationship", "\"Fast replies make me feel like you actually want to talk , But Slow replies make me think that you're talking to someone better .\"", "Let make it short and simple, I love you.", "Honestly I have no idea how to live without you.", "My heart is mine but whenever I argue with it about you, it takes your side.", "I am a fish out of water without YOU!", "You have no ideas how much you mean to me.", "Stolen kisses are always sweetest."],
    "hww_friends": ["Bestfriend love is a different type of love", "True friends are always there for you", "Dear bestfriend i honestly don't know what i would do without you.", "Never Forget your Friends when you are in a Relationship.", "i will be that friend that will listen when nobody else will.", "A true friend is that one which takes your hand but touches your heart.", "Never let your friends feel lonely... Disturb them all the time.", "Best friend is someone who loves you when you forget to love yourself.", "Dear best friend I don't know what I would do without you. Even though we fight but I'll always be there for you.", "Sometimes losing a close friend hurts worse than a heartbreak.", "True friends are like burning stars; they shine brightest on the darkest nights.", "Friends that dont accept you for who you are, are not really your friends.Your True friend will never try to change you.", "A friend is someone knows all about you and still...loves you..!", "True Friends are the ones who have nice things to say about you behind your back...", "Best friends are people who makes your problems their problems, just so you don't have to go through them alone.", "True friends are hard to find harder to leave and impossible to forget.", "To love without condition, To talk without intention, To give without reason, and to care without expectation... this is the heart of a TRUE FRIEND.", "Good friends don't let you do stupid things... alone.", "Friends are like stars You don't always see them but you know they are there.", "Best Friends are like four leaf clovers. Hard to find but lucky to have.", "Love + care = Mom   Love + Fear = Dad   Love + Help = Sister  Love + Fight = Brother   Love + Life = Wife/Husband  Love + Care + Fear + Help + Fight + Life = Friend", "A friend is one who believes in you when you have CEASED to BELIEVE in yourself.", "Real friends are always going to be there by your side, even at times when you tell them to leave.", "When you meet someone who makes you laugh for hours about the stupidest things, you know you're found your best friend.", "Respect people who find time for you in their busy schedule But LOVE people who never look at their schedule when you need them.", "Best friends are people who make your problems their problems. Just so you don't have to go through them alone.", "In life there are Friends Good Friends great Friends best Friends but you are my FOREVER friend.", "A true friend is someone who sees the pain in your eyes while everyone else believes your smile.", "In LIFE we never lose friends. We only learn who the true ones are.", "Remember when someone walks away for you, it's not the end of your story. It's the end of their character's role in your story.", "Cut of FAKE people for real reasons, not real people for FAKE reasons.", "Instead of judging people by their past, stand by them and help repair their future.", "Go for someone whose not only proud and glad to have you but will also take every risk and effort just to be with you.", "Friendship isn't a big thing It's a million little things.", "Sometimes People Don't Notice The Things We Do For Them Until We Stop Doing Them.", "Fake friends are around when they think you're cool  True friends are around even when they think you're fool.", "Friends are like doors, they open to let you in.", "Whether you pushed me or pulled me, drained me or fueled me, loved me or left me, hurt me or helped me, you are a part of my growth & no kidding , I \"thank you\"!", "Best Friends They know how crazy you are and still choose to be seen with you in public.", "When you fully trust a person without any doubt; you'll Finally Get One Of Two Results. A PERSON FOR LIFE. OR A LESSON FOR LIFE.", "Friendship isn't about whom you have known the longest... It's about who came and never left your side...", "Our friendship is like a special rose that never withers away... Even when we're not together... You are always in my heart!", "Never waste too much time explaining yourself. Your friends don't need it and your enemies won't believe it!", "We Are Best Friends Always Remember That If You Fall I Will Pick You Up After I Finish Laughing.", "I'm so very glad that I have a friend like you. Super glad that you're always them for me. And I'm oh-so-lucky to have grown close to you. You're my bestie!", "A friend is one who sees through you and still enjoy the view.", "Your friend is the person who knows all about you and still likes you.", "Sometimes all you need is a friend.", "One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.", "Nothing makes you happier than your friend’s failure.", "Your college friends know who you are, but your high school friends know why.", "Hard times will always reveal true friends.", "To have a friend you need to be a friend.", "Just because you stopped calling me your friend, doesn’t mean I stopped calling you mine.", "Take out ‘N’ out of FRIEND, and you are cooked!", "Please god – If you can’t make me thin make my friends fat!", "Friends buy you lunch. Best friends eat your lunch.", "You can’t be best friends without insulting each other constantly.", "A true friend is someone who is there for you when he’d rather be anywhere else.", "Friends are forever, until they get in a relationship.", "Sometimes one hello, makes you never want to say goodbye.", "Family over friends, because real friends are family.", "That’s so sweet when couples act like bestfriends and bestfriends act like couples.", "Friends will come and friends will go. But true friends stick on forever.", "My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.", "Best friends can see the difference between your fake smile and the real one..!!", "Friend of friends…! Heart of hearts..!", "A friend is someone with whom you dare to be yourself.", "A ring is round & has no end, that’s how long I’ll be your friend.", "I'd rather have honest enemies than fake friends.", "If you’re not losing friends then you’re not growing up.", "A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.", "A single rose can be your garden… a single friend, your world."],
    "hww_funny": ["i’m tired, i need money", "im 99.9% sleepy all day", "I just want a boy that's gonna say he loves me without my makeup.", "When you mess up a guy's hair, he thinks it's cute, but when you mess up a girl's hair, just hope you're wearing something bulletproof.", "Girls worry about the things that guys forget. Guys worry about the things that girls remember.", "There is a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy. HER HEART.", "Ladies, when you have got a king, don’t reshuffle the pack, because you might end up with a joker.", "i just want a boy thats gonna say he loves me without my makeup.", "If you ever need anything please don't hesitate to ask someone else first.", "By all means marry if you get a good wife, you'll be happy. If you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.", "When A Man Steals Your Wife, There Is No Better Revenge Than To Let Him Keep Her.", "\"A man falls in love through his eyes, a women through her ears.\"", "The women cries before the wedding and the man after.", "Status Unavailable! Check Later", "I am Waiting for GF Message!", "Mans are many but money is money.", "Try to say the letter \"M\" without your lips touching.", "Learn then remove 'L'.", "Trust me you will dance- Alcohol", "Installing love. ……44%. Installation failed. Error 404: install money first.", "Non-urgent calls only!!", "I Wish My Parents Were Like Google. They Should Understand Me Even Before I Complete.", "You’re beautiful until your Photoshop 30 day trial has gone.", "One wise guy invented Whatsapp… and his wife added last seen feature", "Online by public demand", "Give me some sunshine…! Give me some rain…! Give me a another girlfriend…! So I ENJOY once again…!", "Study economics-when you’re unemployed, at least you’ll know why.", "The best way to remember your wife’s birthday is to forget it once!", "If you love someone set them free. If they come back, set them on fire.", "Sorry about those texts I sent you, last night, my phone was drunk.", "I want some one to give me a Loan and then leave me Alone.", "Today morning when I was driving my Ferrari, the alarm woke me up.", "A real girl is not perfect and a perfect girl is not real.", "Women’s mind is like a weather it may change anytime.", "Cool thing only happen when you don’t have a camera.", "i know you look on my status.", "You can't stop loving short girls.", "Kuch bhi Bolo But Dil???? to Chasmis Ladkiyaa hi Churatii hai.", "You cry, I cry, …you laugh, I laugh…you jump off a cliff I laugh even harder!!", "Smile…It confuses people..!", "A party without cake is just a meeting.", "The trouble with life is that there are so many beautiful women - and so little time.", "Never hide your \"last seen\", let people know that you're ignoring them.", "My laziness is like 8; Once it lies down it's infinite!", "The longer the title the less important the job.", "If there is no chocolate in heaven…”I AM NOT GOING”.", "Dear MATH, stop asking to find your X, she’s not coming back.", "At least mosquitoes are attracted to me.", "If you can’t change a Girl… change the Girl.", "All girls are my sisters except you.", "You don’t realize how many clothes you have, until you wash them.", "I’m pretty sure my prayers go directly to God’s spam folder.", "I Am Not Special , I Am Just Limited Edition", "Call me old-fashioned but I actually take love, sex, and feelings seriously.", "She wanted a puppy. But I didn’t want a puppy. So we compromised and got a puppy.", "Relationships are a lot like algebra… Ever looked at your X and wondered Y?", "I’ve discovered that you can’t change people. They can change themselves.", "If the speed of light 1000,000 km/s, what is the speed of dark?", "You were the reason of my happiness but also the reason of my sadness", "You are special.... But not for me.", "You hate me, I hate you. Problem? ♥", "If your brain was money, you wouldn't have a cent", "Awesome ends with Me, Ugly starts with U", "Great power comes with great electricity bills.", "Scratch here ▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒ to reveal my status", "Totally available!! Please disturb me!", "Not always \"Available\".. Try your Luck.", "Perfect boyfriend : Does not drink, does not smoke, does not cheat and also Does not exist ????", "Things can change a women's mood- 1) I love you 2) 50% Discount.", "Food, Water, Sleep, Love, Whatsapp, Repeat it.", "I am not virgin, My life fucks me everyday.", "Virginity is not dignity, It is just lack of opportunity.", "I'm totally a cheap date, I don't pay for anything.", "life is short…smile while you still have teeth.", "Phones are better than girlfriends, At least we can switch off.", "Eat…sleep….regret……repeat.", "I love my job only when I’m on vacation.", "You have to be ODD, to be number ONE.", "When nothing goes right..!! Go left.", "I’m not lazy, I’m on energy saving mode.", "AwesoME ends with ME and Ugly starts with U.", "Born to express and not to impress.", "Teachers call it cheating, students call it teamwork.", "Just saw the most smartest person when i was in front of the mirror.", "Someone writes “Urgent Calls Only”. Don’t get it… Are you in the police or ambulance service.?", "Someone’s status is “Driving” since 5 days. I guess he reached Dubai.", "God created the sleep, and the devil created an alarm clock.", "Brain is the best worker,When you can use it", "God is really creative , i mean ..just look at me", "Hey,you are reading my status again ?", "WARNING!! I know karate …..and some other words!!!", "A broken promise is as good as a lie .", "Alcohol may be man’s worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.", "Autocorrect is like that person who just graduated college and think they know everything.", "Never laugh at your wife's choices... you're one of them .", "We Live in Generation Where, \"Deleting history is more important than creating history \"", "I’m cool but global warming made me hot", "Error: status unavailable", "having 1 child makes you a parent having two makes you a referee.", "Etc= End of thinking Capacity.", "Do You Want To Go Out With Me? (A) Yes (B) A (C) B.", "No guts, no glory, no brain, same story", "Knowledge is like underwear. It is useful to have it, but not necessary to show it off.", "What happens if a doctor's wife eats an apple a day?", "Girls use photoshop to look beautiful.. Boys use photoshop to show their creativity.", "Never make eye contact while eating a banana.", "People that Change Love status after 30 Sec... GF is the Reason", "70% boy Have GF ,other Have Brain!", "3 Mistake done by everyone ..Whatsapp,Facebook & GF"],
    "hww_gym": ["My head says go to the gym, my heart says eat more.", "I’m not here to talk.", "Strength Within, Pride Throughout.", "I'm doing it for ME.", "Stop saying tomorrow.", "Don't wish for it, work for it.", "The pain of today is the victory of tomorrow.", "Build your body, build your character.", "No pain, No gain!", "Go hard or go home."],
    "hww_happiness": ["i need a unexpected happy message", "To every girl . Please don't ever forget to smile because someone out there is crazy about you.", "I love those random memories that make me smile no matter whats going on in my life right now.", "Dont wait for the perfect moment take the moment and make it perfect.", "Do you ever want to just drive away and leave everything behind forever?", "I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it.", "Happiness is pretty simple: someone to love, something to do, something to look forward to.", "Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.", "If someone can make you laugh when you're about to cry, don't give up on them. They're the true meaning of happiness.", "Always remember that no matter how useless you think you are, you're still someone's reason to smile.", "You deserve to be Happy. Don't let anyone make you forget about that .", "Smile and let everyone know that today, you’re a lot stronger than you were yesterday.", "Simply seek happiness, and you are not likely to find it. Seek to create and love without regard to your happiness, and you will likely to happy much of the time.", "Expand your happiness by sharing it with. The larger a rainbow, the more brightly it shines.", "A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.", "The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present.", "Smiling is infectious, you can catch it like the flu. Someone smiled at me today And I started smiling too.", "SMile! every minute of the day.You never know who is falling in love with it.", "Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops of yourself.", "When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.", "Next time when you think about a wonderful & beautiful thing in life, don't forget to include YOURSELF in it.", "Next time when you think about a wonderful & beautiful thing in life, don't forget to include YOURSELF in it.", "The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.", "Happiness is homemade.....", "The purpose of life is to enjoy every moment.", "Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.", "LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL  *Conditions Apply*", "Learn to make yourself happy.", "Dear whoever is reading this... You're beautiful and someone out there is crazy about you. SO, SMILE! Life is too short to be happy.", "When you finally let go of the past something better comes along.", "Smile and the world smiles with you.", "Brain and Beauty doesn't make you best in the world, but how beatiful your THOUGHTS to beautify this world.", "I slept and dreamt that Life was joy. I woke & saw that life was service. I acted and behold, service was joy.", "One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.", "The most important things in life aren't things.", "YOU know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.", "Be thankful and count your blessings for what you have, rather than what you want.", "When you think you're not happy with youe LIFE always think that someone is happy simply because you EXiST.", "Sometimes the greatest gifts in life are the ones you cannot see, but the one you can feel.", "Love what you Have. Want what you Need. Accept what yoru Recieve. Give what you Can. Forgive what you Can't. Bless what you See. BE THE LIGHT.", "Everything in Life happens for a reason, STOP worrying about the reason and just LIVE for what HAPPENS!", "I am stronger because I had to be, I am smarter because of my mistakes, happier because of the sadness I've known and now wiser because I learned.", "LIVE for the moments you can't put into words.", "In order to stay happy in life you have to get rid of the things that make you unhappy.", "Happy people don't necessarily have the best of everything; they must make the best out of everything they have.", "As long as you are looking back on the past you will never see what's ahead in.", "A fake smile can hide millions of tears...", "Laugh when you can, apologize wen you should and let go of what you can't change.", "And when you smile the whole world stop & stares for a while .", "DON'T FoRGet To Smile.", "One of the simplest ways to stay happy is to let go ofall of the things that make you sad.", "A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures for anything.", "Happiness means you. I Love You.", "Smile! It is the second best thing you can do with your lips.", "I’m wearing the smile you gave me.", "Smile and forgive, it's the only way to live.", "Be the reason someone smiles today.", "I can always make you smiling.", "My Real Smile Comes when i am with you.", "Laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot.", "Spread more love than hate.", "Whatever makes you feel bad, leave it. Whatever makes you smile, keep it.", "I have Many problems in my life...But My lips don't know that' They Always Smile..", "Smile is the best medicine in the word . . . . . so please keep smile", "Kindness is the most meaningful form of progress.", "No one is the reason of your happiness expect you yourself.", "The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts.", "Happiness is when “Last seen at” changes to “online” and then to “typing..”", "Smile and others will smile back", "Train your mind to see good in everything.", "I am always satisfied with the best.", "Deal with your problems before they deal with your happiness.", "Play the moments. Pause the memories. Stop the pain. Rewind the happiness.", "Happiness is not ready made it comes by our own actions.", "When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry show life you have a thousand reasons to smile", "I hate when people say they miss you,but don’t make a effort to speak to you or see you. !!", "Smile in front of people who hate you… Ur happiness kills them…", "You’re the reason behind my smile.", "You don't need a boy to keep you happy, all you need is to be yourself!", "Don't wait for the good days, just live the bad days as good as possible!", "Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.", "Happiness isn't a destination. It's the journey you choose to take.", "So many of my smiles begin with you.", "Sometimes your existence give hope to one person or your smile make someone else smile,so value yourself.", "COUNT blessings NOT problems.", "We're so busy watching out for what's just ahead of us that we don't take time to enjoy where we are.", "Do not let your past rob your future. Each new day is a chance to make a new beginning. Count your blessings, live with gratitude and love with all your heart", "You can't buy happiness, but you can buy ice cream. and that's kind of the same thing.", "The best feeling in the world is when the person you like, likes you back.", "Every time You smile I smile.", "You know life is worth the struggle when you look back on what you lost, and realize what you have now is much better than before.", "Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.", "As soon as you TRUST yourself, you will know how to live.", "Be happy for this moment is your life.", "The secret of happiness is doing what you love. The secret of success is loving what you do.", "Aspire to Inspire before you expire", "If you aren't happy with being single you will never be happy in relationship. get your own life fist then share it.", "If you cannot be a pencil to write anyone's happiness, then yous hould at least try to be a nice rubber to erase someone's sadness...", "Let your smile change the world But don't let the world change your smile.", "Theres no fun in a perfect life. So make a risk . Take a chance. Go where the mind takes you.Have fun.", "Strong people know how to keep their life in order. Even with tears in their eyes, they still manage to say \"I'm ok\" with a smile.", "To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.", "HAPPINESS is not determined by what is happening around you, but rather what is happening inside you. Most people depend on others to gain HAPPINESS,but the truth is, it always comes from within...", "Noboday can take away your PAIN... so don't let anyone take aways your HAPPINESS.", "Enjoy the little things in life, for you'll one day look back and realize they were the big things.", "Never miss an opportunity to make others happy, even if you have to leave them alone in order to do it.", "The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thouhts.But the quality of your thoughts depends on the persons whom you meet in your life...", "There is no begining or end to your dreams or plans. Life is journey from moment to moment. Live each moment to its fullest.", "SMILE It will make you look better.PRay It will keep you strong LOVE It will make you enjoy life.", "Don't let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future win the happiness of your present.", "Always believe that something wonderful is about to happen.", "The key to achieve inner happiness is to strive to make someone else happy, Instead of trying to make yourself happy all the time.", "Faith keeps you strong. Love keeps you whole and happiness keeps you alive. So don't be a downer! Be happpy, be strong, be free, be alive.", "A lot of people end up unhappy because they make permanent decisions on temporary emotions.", "In order to live well, you must makes a conscious decisions to be happy! Don't let the liitle things in life ruin your day.", "Why waste you time getting hurt by someone, when there's someone else out there waiting to make you happy?", "The lower you set your expectations of people, the less it hurts when they disappoint you.", "Every day we are given is a gift and we should treat it that way.", "Choose your thoughts carefully. Keep what brings you peace, release what brings you suffering. And know that happiness is just a thoughy away!"],
    "hww_heartTouching": ["''Never hide your secrets from a person who can Read Your Eyes because the one who read your eyes is always expert in Reading Your Heart.''", "It takes a minute to like someone, an hour to love someone, but to forget someone takes a lifetimes.", "''loneliness is a good feeling when it is created by our-self..but it is the most worst feeling when it is gifted by others!", "Some people are so important in our life not because we enjoy their company. but we feel so lonely in their absence.", "''The heart feels light when someone is in it.. but feels very heavy when someone leave it.''", "''Don't love the person who enjoys with you.. love the person who really suffer without you because, the pain of love can never be defined.''", "I act like i don't care but deep inside it hurts..", "No matter how hard to make you happy in the end it's never good enough because i alwayes end up hurting.", "There is alwayes someone who cares for you without your knowledge.", "A promise means everything But once it is broken, sorry means Nothing.", "One day you're going to remember me and how much i love you.. then you're gonna hate yourself for letting me go.", "''Some people hurt by words, some by action and some by silence. But the biggest hurt is that someone ignoring us when we value them a lot.", "''The longest distance on earth is Not North To South, it is when.... i stand in front of you and.... you ignore Me.", "''It hurts the most when the person that made you feel special yesterday, make you feel so unwanted today..", "'My life did not begin with you.., But i wish my life should end with you..,", "''Anyone can make u happy by doing something special..but only someone special can make u happy without doing anything..", "At some point, you have to realize that some people can stay in your HEART but not in your LIFE.", "After breakup between lovers, Someone asked the girl “you left him or he left you ?” She smiled and said : “Love left us”.", "A simple 'bye' could make us cry, a simple 'joke' could make us laugh and a simple 'care' can make us fall in love.", "Never leave the person you Love for the person you like because the person you like will leave you for the person they Love.", "Kindness and love are the essence of our humanity.", "Not forget someone, who gave you so much to remember.", "Once U Loose Someone,Its Never Exactly The Same Person Who Comes Back...", "You know what your problem is? You love the wrong people, too much.", "I wish I was enough for someone.", "I tried to forget you, but the harder I tried, the more I thought about you.", "I will never stop caring, but if you decide to push me away, I will go.", "I didn't choose you.... my heart did", "“Tears are prayers too. They travel to God when we can’t speak.”", "“It’s never going to be the same again. And that’s whats killing me.”", "One Of The Hardest Things To Do.Is To Delete Old Messages That Once Meant A Lot To You.", "If you don’t care, stop talking about it.", "One day u Will cry 4 me like i cried 4 u.", "A smiling face always has a painful heart.", "The hardest part about loving someone, is watching that person love another person."],
    "hww_hurt": ["what hurts you, changes you.", "Dont trust too much, dont love too much. That too much can hurt so much.", "i'm hurt but i'm always silent", "i just don't want to get hurt again", "I’m trying really hard not to hurt again.", "i hate pretending like it doesn’t hurt", "i'm hurt but i'm always silent", "Let it hurt and let it go", "i will never hurt you is one of the most popular lies.", "Never assume that someone likes you by their sweetness. Sometimes you are just an option when they are bored.", "The nicer you are, the easier you are to be hurt.", "The nicer you are, the easier you're hurt.", "I'm not mad. I'm hurt. There's a difference.", "You don't know how much it hurts when you ignore me.", "Sometimes i wish i had the guts to hurt you like you hurt me. But even if i had the chance. I wouldn't take it.", "It sucks being ignored by the one person who's attention means the world to you.", "I hate it when people bring up things from the past just to hurt you.", "I wish I could give you my pain just for one moment. Not to hurt you but rather so you can finally understand, how much you hurt me.", "Sometimes you're not in love, you just care too much to let go because you don't want to hurt them.", "The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love , love someone else.", "Time doesn't really heal a heart it just makes the heart forget about the pain...", "You can close your eyes to the things you don’t want to see, but you can’t close your heart to the things you don’t want to feel.", "It hurts but it’s okay because we can’t force someone to feel the same as well we feel for them.", "Promises are worse than lies because you dont just make them believe , you also make them HOPE", "Some guys just dont realize how much one little thing can hurt a girl.", "You only get hurt if you actually give a fuck.", "I care too much that’s how i get hurt.", "It hurts when you realize you arent as important to someone as you thought you were.", "Nothing hurts more than realizing he meant Everything to you, but you meant nothing to him.", "Sometimes i wish i had the guts to hurt you like you hurt me. But even if i had the chance. I wouldnt take it.", "Erase the messages, delete the numbers and move on. You don’t have to forget them. just accept that they aren’t that person anymore.", "Getting hurt doesnt make me stupid. It means i have enough hope and enough love in my heart, to always think the best of people.", "If you can go days without talking to me, i am obviously not that important to you.", "Nothing hurts more than realizing he was everything to you and you were nothing.", "Hurt me with the truth But don't comfort me with a lie.", "The only ones that can truly hurt you deeply are the ones you love.", "It hurts when you realize you aren't as important to someone as you thought you were.", "Sometimes i'm not angry i'm hurt and there's a big difference.", "Don't ask why someone keep hurting you. ASk yourself why you're allowing them.", "The person you care for the most, is the person you'll let hurt you the most.", "Hurt me with the truth, but never comfort me with lie.", "Forget who hurt you yesterday, but don't forget who loves you tenderly today.", "I feel like everything I do is wrong.", "sometimes the people that u don’t want to get hurt doesn’t care if they hurt you!", "The truth hurts for a little while, but lies hurt for a lifetime.", "Don't be much closer to anybody because a small change in their behavior hurts a lot.", "The deepest people are the ones who've been hurt the most.", "My room is so quiet and empty, it hurts.", "It doesn't matter who hurt you or broke you down .. What matters is who made you smile again", "I hope you'll realize how much you're hurting me someday.", "Love always Hurts.", "You are forever in my heart, no matter the distance, or the time we are apart.", "one day you`ll realize...all the love that i gave to you...is now being given to someone else", "why do girls run away from people that make them happy and stay with the ones who don't?", "Love is like a rubber band held at both ends of two people. When one leaves, it hurts the other.", "\"The more you show your feelings, the more people can find ways to hurt you\"..!!", "LOVE is like HEAVEN...But it hurts like HELL...", "You fall in love, you get hurt. That’s life.", "Don’t trust too much, don’t hope too much because that “too much” can hurt you so much.", "Sometimes it's better to be alone. Nobody can hurt you!", "The truth hurts for a little while, but lies hurt for a lifetime.", "You Always Get Hurt The Moment You Begin To Care.", "What hurts you today, makes you stronger tomorrow.", "They hurt me, I hurt them back with kindness.", "Why hurt someone who didn't even hurt you?", "\"PERFECT MATURITY\" is when a person hurts you, and you try to understand their siuation and don't hurt them back."],
    "hww_life": ["Expect nothing and appreciate everything.", "Small circle. Private life. Peaceful Mind.", "i miss having a life without stress", "i appreciate people that ask about me", "My mood changes in 0.5 seconds", "Smile even if it's hurt.", "The Best things in life come at the most unexpected moments.", "You create beauty with  your attitude, your behavior and with your actions. It's all up to you.", "Life is not about the people who are true to your face. It's about the people who remain true behind your back.", "It isn't the size of the gift that matters, but the size of the heart that gives it.", "We don't always have to agree with one another but it's important that we learn to respect each other.", "I have more conversations in my head than in real life.", "I wish my book of life was written in pencil, there are a few pages i would like to erase.", "The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears and the kindest hearts have felt the most pain.", "When you think you are not happy with your LIFE always think that someone is happy simply, because YOU EXIST.", "3 most painful things: trying to hide what you really feel, loving someone who loves another, and taking risk to fall in love again.", "When I was little, I used to sing in the shower. Now? I make life decisions in there.", "I know i have done Mistakes but Life doesnt Come with instructions .", "KARMA has no menu, You get served what you deserve.", "Crazy how you can do nice things for people all the time and they never notice, But once you make a mistake, it's never forgotten.", "My life isn't perfect but i am thankful for everything i have.", "I fall, I rise, I make mistakes, I live, I learn, I've been hurt but I'm alive. I'm human, I'm not perfect but I'm thankful.", "Sometimes the questions are simple, but the answers are complicated.", "Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.", "There are four very important words in life. Real Love, honesty, truth and respect. Without these in your life you have nothing.", "Men marry women with the hope they will never change. Women marry men with the hope they will change. Invariably they are both disappointed.", "You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.", "Every minute you spend with someone gives them a part of your life and takes part of theirs.", "There is so much we don’t understand. And so much unhappiness that comes because of that.", "You will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes memory .", "I have more conversations in my head then i do in real life .", "Most hardest question: Describe yourself.", "Best thing about the worst time of your life is that you get to see the true colors of everyone you cared for!!!", "Think about things that make you happy. Forget things that make you sad. Because you live this life to be happy.", "\"Life is the most difficult exam . Many fail trying to copy others, Not realizing that each one has a Different question paper!! #BeYourself\"", "Some of life's best lessons are learned at the worst times.", "Sometimes the ones who seem perfect end up being the biggest jerk.", "Never expect things to happen, because its better to feel surprised than to feel disappointed.", "Everyone deserves second chances, but not for the same mistakes", "Work for a cause not for applause, Live life to express, not to impress.", "Live is not supposed to be easy, it is supposed to be worth it.", "Dont think every guy is same just because the last one did you wrong.", "There comes a point in your life when you realize to whom you really matter, never did, and always will.", "In three words i can sum up everything i have learned about life, IT GOES ON.", "When  we look for the best in others, we discover the best in ourselves.", "We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.", "The way we live our days Is the way we live our lives.", "LIFE'S too short to argue and fight. Count your blessings value your friends and move on with your high and a smile for everyone.", "Enjoy simple pleasures truly, the best pleasures in life are free.", "All Life is an experiment The more experiments you make the better.", "Everything in life happens for a Reason.... SO Live it and Love it... Use your smile to change the World... Don't Let the World Chane your Smile.", "Life is like photography, you develop from the negatives.", "The purpose of life is a life of purpose.", "Enjoy your life today because yesterday had gone and tomorrow may never come.", "Life must be understood backward. But it must be lived forward.", "Life is like Ice Enjoy it Before it melts.", "Life is like a book; don't jump to the end to see if it's worth it. Just enjoy life and fill the pages with beautiful and amazing memories.", "To change your life, you need to change your priorities.", "Good health and good sense are two of life's greatest blessings....", "Life is God's novel. Let him write it.", "Every new day is a chance to change your life.", "Smile and don't worry, life is awesome.", "Love is life, & if you miss life, You miss Love.", "“Always Think twice, speak once”", "Life is a journey, not a race..", "If your are not like something , then change it!", "\" Be who you are, not who the world wants you to be...\"", "There is still so much to see.", "\"Life is about making an impact, not making an income.\"", "A lie may take care of the present, but it has no future…", "Seriously, life is better when you decide you don’t care.", "Life is short, why to waste in updating Status.", "When writing the story of your life, don't let anyone else hold the pen.", "Everyone Makes Mistakes.", "Life is a gift. Treat it well.", "Without words you're nothing.", "People change, memories don't.", "You change your life by changing your heart.", "People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.", "Life is like ice cream; enjoy it before it melts away. Life is too short to be bitter.", "It's not what people say to you, it's what they do, that tells you what kind of person they really are.", "Be with someone who brings out the best of you.", "It takes a second to say hello and forever to say goodbye.", "Your beliefs don't make you a better person, your behavior does!", "The mystery of life is not a problem to solve, but a reality to experience.", "Sometimes, you have to stop thinking so much and just go where your heart takes you.", "Life is about laughing & living,", "Truth and honest life is the goal of my thoughts.", "Enjoy life to be healthy.", "For me to live means to work.", "I have found that if you love life, life will love you back!!!", "The less you respond to negative people, the more peaceful your life will become.", "Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well.", "The happier the time, the shorter it is.", "Life is beautiful if you know where to look.", "Life is short don't waste it being sad. Be who you are, be happy, be free, be whatever you want to be.", "No one is coming to save you. This life of your is 100% your responsibility...", "Be FREE like a BIRD.", "Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.", "Life is 10% of what happens to you and 90% of how you respond to it.", "Enjoy your own life without comparing it with that of others.", "Each new day is another chance to change your life.", "A beautiful dress can change the personality but beautiful behavior can change the Life!!", "Life is like a camera. . so face it with a SMILE", "No love is greater than mom's love, no care is greater than dad's care.", "Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself", "Music, internet, food and sleep are important parts of my life.", "Time decides who you meet in life, your heart decides who you want in your life, but you behaviors decide who will stay in your life…", "Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.", "If you never get your heart broken you’ll never learn to love.", "Never build your emotional life on the weaknesses of others.", "Man make money but money make man mad.", "Life is like a mountain, not a beach.", "Life is to Taste, not to waste.", "Life is full of struggles.", "Don’t talk, just act. Don’t say, just show. Don’t promise, just prove.", "The beauty of life doesn’t depend on how happy you are, but on how happy others can be because of you.", "Someone asked me How’s life? I just smiled and replied, She’s fine.", "When life is sweet, say thank you & celebrate & when life is bitter, say thank you & grow.", "Always remember a person who talks to you about others, will also talk to others about you.", "All the things that hurt you, actually teach you.", "life is simple if we are simple.", "All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.", "life is awesome with u by my side", "Life is simple, we make it complicated.", "sum things cannot b deleted.. Eg: memories and experiences..", "Parents, problems, friends, fakes, love, crush, dating, responsibility,drama, heartache, failures, stress, happiness. It’s life..!!", "Respecting a woman is more beautiful than telling her she is beautiful.", "The secret of life is low expectations!", "To infinity…. and beyond!!!", "Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being.", "Loyal females DESERVE the best. Remember that ?", "LIFE – LOVE = ZERO", "Life doesn't get easier u get stronger.", "Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.", "I got less but i got best!", "Life doesn't get easier u get stronger.", "Never depend on others too much, because someday you will have to walk alone.", "Success always hugs you in private but failure always slaps you in the public ! that’s life.", "Life always offers you a second chance. it’s called tomorrow.", "Life is nothing without true friendship.", "Life is a big question that even google can't answer.", "To live means to fight.", "Life rests on the pillar of love, care & trust. Have a strong pillar to have a beautiful life.", "Life is important when you have your family, friends, and love :)", "Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balcnce, you must kepp moving!!!!", "I have found that if you love life, life will love you back!!!", "You can do anything, but not everything.", "Don't judge someone's life until you've felt their pain", "Life is short, why to waste in updating Status..", "Life doesn't give you what you want. It gives you what you work for.", "Why be mean to animals when they treat u better then people", "Love the life Which you live, and live the life you love...?", "No expectations, No disappointments.", "Luxury is not a necessity to me, but beautiful and good things are.", "Flow ~ in the direction your heart wishes to go.", "Stop Focusing on people who are focusing on you.", "Our days are happier when we give people bit of our heart rather than piece of our mind."],
    "hww_love": ["Tell me how it feels to be loved back.", "People in love with the moon learn to live with the distance.", "i'm not a materialistic person, a simple hug can make me smile.", "Deep conversations with someone who understands you is everything", "Every time my phone vibrates, I hope it's you", "One unexpected message can heal a lot", "My heart is full of unsaid words", "Be mine, i’ll keep you forever 💕", "Lets make it short and simple, I love you.", "One look, one word, one hug, one text, one call: they can all mean so much when its from that special person.", "You are mine, i cant share", "damn, i love you  everyday", "dear someone, i need you", "You're mine and i'm yours", "i wanna be kissed & hugged by you", "if i care for you, i care until the end", "You’re the reason why I’m smiling again", "please be safe i care about you a lot", "i wanna be that person u’r scared to lose", "fu*k, i’m inlove with someone i can’t have", "There is no one else as special as you", "i wanna mute my overthinking", "i really want to hug you but u r so far", "You'll always be my favorite person", "I hope u feel what I’m feeling too", "Nothing new, still thinking about you", "if I get mad at you, that means i care", "i automatically smile when you text me", "You stole my heart take care of it", "i get so happy when you talk to me", "Sometimes music is the only medicine", "Take me back to the good old days", "Music makes everything feel better", "it’s hard for me to express what i feel", "I'm tired, but I'm still trying my best", "i hope you never get tired of me", "Being faithful is not hard if you really care about them.", "I'm not her first but I will do anything to be her last. She is my one and only.", "The best feeling is that first kiss.", "The tighter the hug the better it feels.", "Cuddling with you would be perfect right now.", "I don't want much... Just your hugs, kisses and you.", "\"Another year over, and we are still together. Its not always easy, but i'll be there forever. (:\"", "Not even a million fights could make me hate you .", "I don't want anyone else to have your heart, kiss your lips, be in your arms, be the one you love. I don't want anyone to take my place.", "I hate fighting with the one person who makes me smile the most.", "I'm loyal, but it always seems like I'm loyal to the wrong people.", "A real man can't stand seeing his woman hurt. He is careful with his decisions and actions so he never have to be responsible for her pain.", "Even if I had a million reasons to move on, I'd still look for one to stay.", "A girl is happiest when she knows you make her your everything. In front of everyone.. every time", "Without trust you don't have a relationship, just two friends who act like lovers.", "We argue, we fight....but by the end of the night, we're alright", "Best conversations usually happen late at night.", "If I tell you \"I love you\" then I actually do love you.", "wait for the boy that would do anything to be your everything .", "If we kiss , i'm biting your lip ♥", "Relationships where you just sit around doing nothing,but still have fun because you're together. ♥", "We all want someone who is scared to lose us and would do anything to keep us. ♥", "Best feeling comes when you get text from the person you were thinking about. ♥", "Your girlfriend is gorgeous and loyal. Why flirt with other girls? Why cheat? It's like throwing away a diamond, and picking up a rock.", "saying \"I've moved on!\" but still feeling something when suddenly see the person", "Just because we're not close anymore doesn't mean I don't care about you.", "why jump into a reationship if your clearly not over the last one? thats not fair to the other person", "\"Real men don't date the most beautiful girl in the world, they date the girl who makes their world the most beautiful.\"", "Relationships start with \"Can we talk?\" and end in \"We need to talk\".", "The hardest thing is not talking to someone you used to talk to everyday.", "The best relationship is when you can lay next to each other and just talk about anything and everything.", "I don't know which is worse; keeping your love for someone a secret or telling them and being rejected.", "Typing a huge Paragraph with your true feelings but then erasing it and typing .. yeah ..", "\"Girls want a guy who say \" i love you \"  every night and proves it every day .\"", "It's crazy how you can go months or years without talking to someone, but they still cross your mind everyday", "Love doesn't depend on sight or sound, just heart beats.", "if you need me, i’d always be here.", "My only wish is to be with u forever", "i spend my nights thinking about you", "Million feelings, for one special person", "I love it when I see you happy", "Sometimes it feels better not to talk", "You are the only one my heart wants", "I spend my whole day thinking of u", "I don't want others attention, I want yours", "Talking to you makes everything better", "Take me back to the last time we met", "My favorite memory was meeting you", "My mind never stopped thinking about u", "Need someone who care about me", "I want someone I can talk to all day.", "I love you stay safe where ever u are", "i hate waiting, but i'll wait for you", "i want someone who only wants me", "I feel better when I’m with you", "I want u with me all the time", "Love 💕 is Easy but Queen 👑 is Busy .❤", "Love 💕 is Easy but King 👑 is Busy .❤", "Im laughing on the outside,  cry on the inside .", "I prefer relationship that doesn't need to talk 24/7. Update is enough for me.", "Always be kind to those who love you they deserves it.", "\"IF you make a boy laugh, He likes you. But if you can make him cry He loves you.", "Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.", "If you want to be TOGETHER you have to-get-her.", "Seeing you is my favorite part of the day.", "\"When you love someone, learn to love them fully, not only the good things but also the bad ones.\"", "For every Girl with a broken heart there is a boy with a glue gun.", "To keep a relationship, you must keep your business to yourself and your partner, The whole world doesn't need to know your problems.", "My favorite thing is sleeping next to you.", "I Hope you feel blessed to have me, because that's how i feel with you.", "I am glad i met you. Now do me a favor and stay.", "I Don't say i love you out of habit or just for conversation. When i say it i really mean it.", "Sometimes all we need is a HUG to make us realize that everything will soon be alright.", "Hold her tight, she won't want you to let go.", "Dear guys when a girl says :\"I'm cold.\" Don't be stupid and say \"me too\".", "Even a million fights could not make me hate you.", "\"Perfect guy is not the one who has More money Or the most handsome one you'll met, Its the one who knows how to makes you smile everyday\"", "No matter how many fights you two may get into, if you truly love someone, it should never matter..", "Being in a relationship is a FULL-TIME 24/7 job. So don't get in one if you're not prepared to give it 100% of your effort.", "The best feeling in the world is to know that your parents are smiling because of you ♥", "A woman who truly loves you will be angry at you for so many things but will never leave you.", "If you're important, they find a way, if not, they find an excuse.", "\"The problem with guys is that they let go to easily... The problem with girls is that they never forget easily...\"", "Don't leave a girl you need, for a girl you want.", "You fight with the most important people in your life because those relationships are worth fighting for.", "If you aren't happy being single you will never be happy in a relationship. Get your own life and love it first, then share it.", "Everyone deserve a person that can make their heart forget that it was once broken ..", "Anyone can make you happy by doing something special, but only someone special can make you happy without doing anything.", "Can you do me a favor? Don't forget me.", "Things have a way of working out. Never underestimate the power of prayer, faith and love!", "We met, we talked, we liked, we called, we texted, we dated, we committed, I loved, you cheated, we're done, you're deleted.", "You know you have experienced real love, when you have lost it.", "I'm not ignoring you, I'm just waiting for you to talk to me first.", "I enjoy every moment I spend with you.", "Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up.", "Good relationship is worth the wait .", "Someone who truly loves you, sees what a mess you can be, how moody you can get, and how hard you can be to handle, but still wants you.", "You have no idea how much l like you. How much you make me smile, how much l love talking to you, or how much l wish you were here.", "Deep inside my heart, I still feel I need someone to love and care.", "Every girl needs a good guy to help her laugh when she thinks she'll never smile again.", "I love your smile, your eyes, your laugh, your personality, your humor but the only thing I hate is that \" I will never be yours... \"", "It's been said that you only truly fall in love once, but I don't believe that. Every time I see you, I fall in love all over again.", "Relationships are like drugs, they either kill you, or give you the best feeling of your life.", "When people get suspicious, trust disappears.", "\"Sometimes we don't know if some1 really have feelings for us, Or if it's all just a game\"", "\"There are Billions of people in this World But Sometimes you really need just One.\"", "True love is when the only thing that makes you cry is seeing the one you care about unhappy.", "Retweet if I am not following you and you want me to! I will follow you back :)", "i want to be in your arms where you hold me tight and never let me go.", "Guys are like stars.. there are million of them, but only one can make your dreams come true.", "If You Want A Long Term Relationship Follow the Simple Rule, Never Lie.", "Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart, not plays with it.", "The more you get to know a person, the more attractive they become to you.", "Communication + Trust = A Relationship that will last a lifetime.", "When two people are meant for each other nothing can keep them apart.", "I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. But thats only because I love you so much and I dont want to lose you.", "i am not waiting for a prince . i am waiting for a guy who thinks i am his princess.", "Sometimes a kiss is much better than saying 1ooo times I LOVE YOU.", "I can go days without talking to you, months without seeing you, but not a second goes by that I dont think about you.", "I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easy, and care too much.", "\"A Memory of true Love is like a favorite Song, no matter how many times it plays again, You never get tired of it.", "I wish you could see the stupid smile I get when we are texting.", "When I first met you, I never would have imagined that I would have such strong feelings for you", "i just want a cute, long lasting relationship.", "To be honest, you are the only one i have ever spent this much time and effort on.", "Every night i thank god for giving me you.", "Your girlfriend is gorgeous and loyal. Why flirt with other girls? Why cheat? Its like throwing away a diamond, and picking up a rock.", "We may fight with someone we love, but we cannot let them suffer.", "All i know is that i cant go a day without you.", "\"When you love someone, learn to love then fully, not only the good things but also the bad ones.", "You have no idea how much I like you, how much you make me smile, how much I love talking to you, or how much I wish you were mine.", "Every girl has that one guy she will never stop loving. Every guy has that one girl he will never stop fighting for.", "i get scared sometimes but i hope you never forget about me.", "It takes guts to fall in love. But it takes nerve to go back to the one who broke you.", "Life without you is like a broken pencil, there is no point.", "If a boy really likes you, he doesn't care how tired he is, how much work he has or how late it is. He will talk to you.", "Never play the girl you love because in the end you are only playing yourself .", "I like how we talk all the time & never get bored of each other.", "Once i am with you, nobody else matters.", "Even if i spend the whole day with you , i miss the second you leave.", "The best feeling in the world is knowing that you actually mean something to someone.", "All i know is that i cant go a day without you.", "Guys believe it or not she doesnt want the moon and stars, she just wants ur heart.", "No matter how bad you sing, sing for her she will smile.", "A relationship with no trust is like a cell phone with no service, all you can do is play games.", "Forgiveness is the best form of love. It takes a strong person to say sorry and an even stronger person to forgive.", "Never leave a true relation for few faults... Nobody is perfect. Nobody is correct at the end. Affection is always greater than perfection.", "A great relationship isn't when a perfect couple comes together, but when an imperfect couple learns to enjoy their differences.", "The best relationship usually begin unexpectedly.", "Perfect relationship is not that you never get angry, upset or irritated with each other. It's how fast you resolve & bounce back to normal.", "No relationship is all sunshine, but two people can share one umbrella and survive the storm together.", "Without Communication, there is no relationship; Without Respect, there is no Love; Without Trust, there is no reason to continue..!", "You must learn to love only that which cannot be stolen.", "All relationships go through hell, real relationships get through it.", "A great relationship is about two things, first, find out the similarities, second, respect the differences.", "Whether it's a friendship or relationship, all bonds are built on trust, without it you have nothing.", "The secrets to a long lasting relationship: two people working, standing, wanting, being together and seeing the future together.", "If you know someone is already taken, please, respect their relationship. Don't be the reason they end up single.", "The best kind of relationship in the world is one in which a sorry and a smile can make everything back to normal again.", "Good relationship doesn't need promise, terms and conditions. It just needs a She who can trust and a He who can be loyal.", "A relationship is not based on the length of time you spent together; it's based on the foundation you built together.", "Wait for the Person that would do anything to be your everything.", "i thought perfect couples only exist in books and cute movies, but that changed after i feel for you ♥", "Behind every girl’s favorite song is an untold story.", "if he can't fight for you, he is not right for you.", "\"A REAL\" relationship is when u can trust and respect each other. And to be honest whatever the conditions.", "You can never \"just be friends\" with someone you fell in love with.", "Every time I look into your eyes, it makes me want to kiss you.", "No words can fully describe all the feelings I have for you.", "Text her something sweet while she's sleeping, so in the morning she wakes up with a smile on her face.", "Yes, I want to talk to you. No, I'm not texting you first.", "Even though we are million miles away. we will always be together ♥", "IF he loves you, he will make sure you know not just by words, but by action too.", "Attraction is automatic, but love is a choice", "Protect her like your Daughter. Love her like your wife and Respect her like your Mother ♥", "Sometimes, two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together.", "I Do miss you, but im trying my best to stop caring .", "Some may call it destiny. Some may call it meant to be. But I just call it you-and-me.", "Fight for what you believe in, and stand by what you fight for.", "Dreams. ♥", "Any man can love a million girls, but only a real man can love one girl in a million ways.", "If a woman is responsible for your smile, please, be responsible with her heart.", "Once you are attached you are screwed.", "\"Goodbye without reason is the most painful one. Love without reasons is the most beautiful one.\"", "The best feeling comes when you realize you are perfectly happy without the person you once thought you needed most.", "The best relationship is when you can act like lovers and best friends at the same time.", "They say Disney world is the happiest place on earth, obviously they have never been in your arms.", "One of the best feeling in the world is when you are hugging the person you love and they hug you back even tighter.", "I have never wanted someone so badly as i want you.", "You are the reason i draw hearts all over my paper.", "I am not ignoring you. I am just waiting for you to make an effort to talk to me first.", "People who are meant to be together will always find their way back to each other.", "No matter how horrible my day was, talking to you for even just one minute makes everything seem perfect.", "I can fake a smile, I can pretend to be a happy, I can do a lot of things, but I can't pretend that I don't love you..", "A legal kiss is never as good as a stolen one.", "I wish that you were here, or I was there, or we were together anywhere.", "The Best feeling in the world is being loved back by the person you love.", "When you love someone, learn to love them fully, not only the good things but also the bad…", "When a Girl asks you how much you love her, Just kiss her. That's the Best answer you could ever…", "You're the reason i draw hearts all over my paper.", "Even if we fight alot, i still want you in my life.", "Love is when you take away the feeling, the passion, the romance and you find out you still care for that person.", "Be with someone who brings out the best in you, not the stress in you.", "A person who TRULY LOVES YOU will never stop believing in you and will never let you go, no matter how hard the situation is.", "If a girl asks a question, it's better to tell her the truth. Chances are, she's asking you because she already knows the answer.", "I love when people are straight up honest with their feelings, it makes everything so much easier .", "A person who truly loves you is someone who sees the pain in your eyes while everyone else believes in the smile on your face.", "When you truly care for someone, their mistakes never change your feelings because it's the mind that gets angry but the heart still cares.", "Only fools fall in love and I guess I'm one of them.", "When someone says i love you watch their actions more than their words", "Love is true when it comes from the heart, not from the mouth.", "I Believe in Love at first Sight, because I love My Mom since I Opened My Eye.", "I want to wake up with you every morning and fall asleep beside you each night.", "A girl doesn't need anyone who doesn't need her.", "Don't fall in love with someone who says the right things, fall in love with someone who does the right things.", "The heart that loves is always young.", "\"“If you judge people, you have no time to love them.”  -  Mother Teresa\"", "There is always someone who loves you more than you know.", "Best relationships usually begins UNEXPECTEDLY", "Accept me at my strongest, support me at my weakest", "A true relationship is having someone who accepts your past, supports your present, loves you and encourages your future.", "Texting is fine, calling is okay. But being with you is the best.", "Behind every beautiful girl is the ugly relationship that made her scared to love again.", "Looks aren't everything. Find a heart that will love you at your worst , & arms to hold you at your weakest. ♥", "You're the girl that I want to grow old with.", "I won't give up on us ♥", "I may not be perfect, but I am original.", "We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.", "Laughing while kissing means I am completely comfortable with you.", "Maybe we don’t have a Perfect Relationship. We fought, argue, cry, commit mistakes. But we have Similarities, we’re both Love each other.", "Wait for the boy that would do anything to be your everything", "if she's amazing,she wont be easy.if shes easy, she wont be amazing. if shes worth it, you wont give up, if you give up you're not worth it.", "Distance is just a test to see how far love can really go.", "I want a long, cute relationship where everyone is like \"DAMN, they're still together?\"", "A real boyfriend never \"gives up\" on his girl. He fights for her .", "A relationship where you can act like complete idiots together is the sweetest thing ever.", "Don't try to understand a Girl Completely ,  If u Do You either go Mad Or You will start Loving her.", "Sometimes I push you away, because i need you to pull me closer.", "It's nice when someone cares about you as much as you care about them.", "A relationship with God is the most important relationship you can have.", "I really want a relationship. A long one. A happy one.", "In every girl's life, there's a boy she'll never forget; In every boy's life there's a girl he can never get ♥", "A day without you is always incomplete.", "A relationship will only go as far as you both want it to.", "Good relationships don't just happen. They take time, patience, and two people who truly want to be together.", "Make a relation with someone, who is not only proud to have you but will take every risk to be with you..:)", "Beauty isn't about having a pretty face. It's about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul.", "Nice Lips . . . Can i kiss them ? ♥", "I hate it when Facebook's always asking me what is on my mind, coz it's always you. and I won't share you. ♥", "Love is sweet when it's new. But it is sweeter when it's true", "Communication+Trust = A relationship that will last a lifetime.", "Sometimes love is like a cactus. The tighter you try to hold on, the more it hurts.", "A little jealousy is healthy in a relationship, its always good to know that someone is afraid to lose you.", "I Trusted you, but now your words mean nothing to me because your action spoke the truth .", "You see, I love you and I don't want to lose you because my life has been better since the day I found you.", "i don't want someone perfect i just want someone who cares enough to be with me through everything.", "The more people I meet, the more I realize that it's only you I want to be with.", "You're not perfect, but you're all I want.", "A good boyfriend can’t fix all your problems, but he can promise you won’t face them alone .", "Explaining your feelings to someone is never easy.", "When a girl gives up, it's not because she doesn't love you, but because she's tired of getting hurt & feels like you'll never care.", "You're so special to me.", "Pain is temporary, love is forever; don't make it the other way around", "A good boyfriend:  - knows you  - trusts you  - loves you  - respects you  - honors you  - supports you  - wants you  - appreciates you.", "I just want a cute, long lasting relationship.", "When I dream, I dream of you. Maybe one day, dreams will come true. Because, I really love you.", "The best relationship is when you can completely act yourself and they can still love you for who you are.", "Girls are sensitive, they overthink every little thing and they care way more than they should, but that’s what makes their love so strong.", "Distance doesn't matter if two hearts are loyal to each other..", "If it still hurts, you still care.", "I hate arguing with someone who I really care about.", "I want y̶o̶u̶ us.", "You make me forget that there's a billion other people in the world because I only want you.", "Seeing you is the favourite part of my day", "Sometimes your best feelings are found in the words which you type and never send .", "If you really care about someone you will make time for them.. it's not hard to pick up a phone and send a text message.", "\"Biggest Tragedy of Love - Boys are very \"\"Good selectors\"\" But not \"\"Good Lovers\"\" .  Girls are Very \"\"Good Lovers\"\" But not \"\"Good Selectors\"\"..!!\"", "When I talk to you, my day gets a whole lot better.", "He lies, She cries. He's not sorry but he apologizes. She complains, he doesn't change. But yet, she still stays.", "Jealousy is just a sign that you really love the person.", "\"No matter how bad you sing, sing for her.... she'll smile\"", "I might be the hardest person to start a relationship with, but i promise i will be the hardest person to breakup with .", "You fight with the most important people in your life because those relationships are worth fighting for.", "I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. But that's only because I love you so much and I don't wanna lose you.", "Sometimes all I want is a hug", "Hold her hand in public, its like saying you are proud to have her ♥", "If a relationship has to be a secret, you shouldn't be in it.", "I wish I could see you. Literally, right now, at this very second. I want to be with you.", "If you love someone pray for them. Pray for their peace. Pray for their growth. Pray for their success. Pray for their happiness", "I cant explain how i feel when i am with you.", "Have A Relationship So Good That Everyone Is Jealous Of It.", "Treat a good man right and he will forever remain faithful.", "If you love somebody, set them free. if they return, they were always yours, if they don't, they never were.", "Looks aren't everything.. So find a heart that will love you at your worst, and arms to hold you at your weakest.", "Hate is easy. Love takes courage.", "People come and go. But the best will stay.", "If you are important they will make a way, if you are not they will make an excuse.", "\"Care too little, you will lose them. Care too much, you will get hurt.\"", "Its funny how a few words from you could make me feel a million times better.", "When you love something or someone. Don't give up without a fight because you have to fight for the best things in life.", "Sensitive people love too much. Give too much. Hurt too much. But they have the Kindest Heart.", "Nobody taught me how to love myself so how can i love somebody else.", "i fell in love with you because you loved me when i couldn't love myself.", "Just seeing your smile makes me feel better inside.", "We don't stop loving someone we simply learn to live without them.", "I see 1000 Boys. I know 100 Boys. I talk to 10 Boys. I Love 1 Boy.", "You make me forget that there is a billion other people in the world. because i only want YOU.", "Its crazy how I automatically smile when I talk to you.", "Every Girl deserves a guy who will change her life not only her relationship status.", "Jealousy means I actually care about you.", "Not even a million fights could make me hate you.", "The happiest couples never have the same character. They have the best understanding of their differences.", "Fight for me and i promise you, i will do the same.", "I get mad because i care.", "Distance doesn't matter if two hearts are loyal to each other.", "Everyone has an addiction, Mine happens to be you.", "Never tell your friends all of your relationship problems. A relationship should only be between two people.", "We argue, we fight but by the end of the night we are alright .", "I miss your name lighting up my phone.", "i feel myself complete when i am with you.", "Dude,you are lucky, you got her. She is YOURS. So step up, treat her right or she wont be yours for long.", "Those who are heartless once cared too much.", "Seeing old couples makes me think that someone can love you forever.", "A relationship without arguments is a relationship with a lot of secrets.", "I can see the future , Let me give you a Clue , it's \" ME + U \"", "Relationships takes two people . Not one person being faithful and another acting single .", "LOVE Is The other Name ofRespect,If You Can't Respect Your LovedOne,....Then You Don't Deserve to BeLoved", "I don't need a perfect relationship, I just need someone who won't give up on me.", "\"Life is not about who hurt you and broke you down. It's about who was always there and who made you smile again \"", "My real smile comes out when i am with you ♥", "Every GIRL deserves a boy who can change her LIFE, not only her relationship status.", "Because of you, I laugh a little louder, cry a lot less, and smile a lot more.", "Its nice when someone cares about you as much as you care about them.", "Sitting alone and enjoying your own company is better than being surrounded by fake people.", "Dude,you are lucky, you got her. She is YOURS. So step up, treat her right or she wont be yours for long.", "Its nice when someone cares about you as much as you care about them.", "A Man who truly loves you will be angry at you for so many things, but will never leave you.", "Every girl needs a good guy who can help her laugh when she thinks she will never smile again", "Call me old fashioned but i actually take relationships seriously.", "Love is sweet when its new, but sweeter when its true.", "If you love her, dont ever make her cry.", "The best love story is when you fall in love with the most unexpected person.", "IF you really love that person, you wouldnt even think about cheating on them.", "Everybody knows how to love, but only few people know how to stay in love with one person forever.", "Even though we are million miles away. We will always be together.", "The hardest part of acting like you don’t care, is knowing how much you actually do.", "Love + Trust + Honesty = Long Lasting Relationship.", "True love doesn’t mean being inseparable; it means being separated and nothing changes.", "Dear Ladies if he takes time to argue with you, he cares about you more than you think.", "I love it when you hold me like you will never let me go.", "Just seeing your smile makes me feel better inside.", "Sometimes words are not enough.", "I love seeing couple fall in love and stay in love, its so rare these days.", "Relationship starts with can we talk and ends with we need to talk.", "i will never hurt you is one of the most popular lies.", "Love is so strange.. sometimes it becomes reason to live life..!! and sometimes it becomes reason to leave life.. ..!!", "A single text from you can change my mood at any moment.", "I need someone who will actually stand by my side, no matter what mood i am in .", "You dont need somebody to tell you they love you. You can tell by the way they treat you.", "Sometimes, I do want a romantic relationship like in the movies.", "I think the perfect hugs are when someone hugs me without me asking.", "Dont promise me the moon or the stars, just promise you will stay under them with me forever.", "3 main rules in relationships: Dont lie, dont cheat and dont make promises you cant keep.", "I want an honest relationship. no secrets. no lies. no cheating.", "if you truly love someone, Being faithful is easy.", "First you care, then you get hurt.", "forever is a long time but i wouldnt mind spending it by your side.", "i just want a cute, long lasting relationship.", "Relationships fail because girls love too much and the boys love too many.", "Don’t give them the keys to your heart if you know they will lose it. Love is about taking risks not being stupid.", "Don’t Make Me An Option, When I’ve Made You My Priority.", "i love you, but i hate the way you act sometimes.", "Every relationship has its problems. But what makes it perfect is when you still want to be there when everything sucks!", "Sometimes i pretend that i dont care. But really, i care more than anyone else ever will.", "Cheer up, sweet beautiful girl you are going to love again and it will be magnificent.", "We all have that one person that we will always have feelings for no matter what.Just one look and it takes you right back to those memories.", "I love when people are straight up honest with their feelings, it makes everything so much easier.", "A Broken heart is what Changes People.", "Don’t play with someone’s heart if you have no intention for a SERIOUS RELATIONSHIP .", "We are more than friends but less than a couple.", "I admit that i get Jealous when you’re talking to someone else instead of me.", "Dont promise me the moon or the stars, just promise you will stay under them with me forever.", "You don't mean ANYTHING to me... you mean EVERYTHING to me...", "I Don't Ask For Much Because With You I Have Everything.", "You don't really need someone to complete you. You only need someone to accept you completely.", "Apologizing doesn't mean you were wrong. It simply means you value your love and friendship over your ego.", "Peopel love others not for who they are, but for how they make us feel.", "The way to fill your life with love is very simple: if you want more love give more love.", "Loving isn't caretaking and caretaking isn't love. we can't buy love... it's a gift.", "I don't want to listen to just what you say. I want to feel what you mean.", "I don't want to listen to just what you say. I want to feel what you mean.", "Give me a man any time who does good to me because he loves me rather that one does good to me in order to fulfill his moral duty.", "By far the most important form of attention we can give loved one is listening.", "If you would learn the secret of right relations, look only for the divine in people and things, and leave the rest to God.", "Love yourself first and everything else falls into line.", "Hattered does not cease with hatered. Haterd ceases by love.", "God asks only that you include yourself among those you love.", "We are incapable of loving another unless we love ourselves.", "You cannot belong to someone else, until you belong to yourself.", "Whatever the question, the answer is love.", "The less you open your heart, the more your heart suffers.", "The shortest word for me is \"I\"... The sweetest word for me is \"Love\"... The only word for me is \"You\"...", "True love doesn't have a happy ending,because True love never ends....", "Love reveals all things, believes all things, endures all things. Love never fails.", "I can live without money, but I cannot live without Love.", "My love for you is like a circle, it has no end.", "True Love Has a Habbit of coming Back.", "I m in love with you.", "I love you more today than yesterday but I do love you less today than I will tomorrow.", "Love is not about how much you say \"i love you\" but how much you can prove that it's true.", "I think i love you, but don't even know you.", "Your heart and mine are forever one.", "Your love is all I need to feel complete.", "Love is being stupid together.", "You are every reason, every hope and every dream I've ever had.", "The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end.", "Love is that ,which can never explained.", "True Love = No doubts + No jealousy + No worries then life is good.", "I Love U Dear With Every Beat Of My Heart.", "Love is when the heart beats faster", "True love does not tolerate outsiders", "To know the person, you must love him", "“Love is many things,none of them logical.”", "Love the person who really suffers without you..!!", "Love is what makes you smile when you're tired.", "Love is not what the mind thinks, but what the heart feels.", "love me less but love me long...", "Dear heart, please fall in love only when you're ready, not when you're lonely.", "Listen to my little heart. It always says your name with every heartbeat.", "I love you and you love me, then why can't we be together?", "True love doesn’t have happy ending …it has No ending.", "Love Is Blind But Beautiful", "I need you like a heart needs a beat.", "loves when you listen to a song and it relates 100% sure to how you feel.", "One day you'll meet someone who doesn't care about your past because they want to be with you in future.", "True Love never dies it only gets stronger with time.", "LoVe ThE oNe WhO LoVeS YoU..... nOt ThE oNe WhOm YoU LoVe.", "if love is true ...it will always find a way.", "Some love one, some love two. I love one that is you.", "Being in LOVE is like Being DRUNK. No control over what you do.", "His story is History, My Story is Mystery.", "Love is blind, Be careful", "Everytime I look at the keyboard, I always see U and I together.", "My mom told me angels are in heaven, so why is she on Earth?", "Sometimes you just need to maintain a distance to keep them close to you.", "When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.", "If my love for you is a crime, I want to be the most wanted criminal.", "I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.", "The spaces between your fingers are meant to be filled with mine.", "True love isn’t love at first sight but love at every sight.", "You taught me how to love but not how to stop.", "I don't fall in love with faces, I fall in love with personalities.", "We fall in love by chance. We stay in love by choice.", "I wish you could love me the way I love you.", "Love never fail.we fail to love.", "Love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a teardrop.", "I still care, that ‘s the problem", "Love means exposing yourself to the pain of being hurt by someone you trust.", "I like when you smile, but I love it when I’m the reason.", "Love never dies...only the lover changes.", "She loves me or not but I love her a lot.", "GIRL: Describe me in 1 word. —- BOY: Mine", "The person who hates you, loves you the most.", "I don't hate Peoples ,I just love Peoples who loves me.", "Love can't be found Where it doesn't exist ..", "With You It's Different.", "In you i H've Found the love of my life and my closest, truest friend.", "Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.", "One love, one heart, one destiny.", "Love is The Greatest Refreshment in Life.", "I love you more than there are stars in the sky and fish in the sea.", "When love is not madness it is not love.", "We are shaped and fashioned by those we love.", "Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop.", "At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.", "If I know what love is, it is because of you.", "I only want 3 things: See you. Hug you. Kiss you.", "You're like a drug that's killing me.", "The best feeling is when you look at the one you love and they’re already looking at you.", "You can’t be just friends with someone you’re madly in love with", "Be like a flower that gives its fragrance to even the hand that crushes it.", "Distance means nothing when someone means everything.", "Fire is like love, it keeps you warm but sometimes you'll get burned.", "Your Love Is Like Wine; I Want To Get Drunk", "Love is a bird, let it fly.", "In Love 'Sorry' Should Not Have To Be Said", "Love is a feeling, give it when I want it, babe.", "Jealousy is just Love and Hate at the same Time", "Sometimes, when you madly love someone, you don't need words to describe it", "I want someone who comes into my life by accident and stays on purpose.", "I love you, just the way you are.", "I don't need geography, you are my world. ♥", "I've no idea what happened to me, but all I know it's I love you.", "Love is in your heart.. Peace is in you nerves.. Truth is in your mind.", "Honestly, I don't have time to hate people who hate me cause I'm too busy loving people who love me.", "Believe, hope, and pray for love, but don't put your life on hold waiting for love.", "You can never buy Love....But still you have to pay for it.", "Don't kiss behind the garden, Love is blind but the neighbours are not.", "Wanna Hug Yuh soo tight..That even air couldn't fill the space between us", "Love never fails and when it fails in life, then its not love!", "Love is the only thing that control every single emotion you have.", "I love you yesterday I love you still, I always have... I always will", "Love is master key of opening a gate of happiness.", "I lost my Heart Can Any body See...??", "If you were thinking about someone, while Studying you're definitely in Love.", "My \"Heart\" is always your!", "In life I need only you!", "If you love something set it free.", "I don't even know why I like you. But I just do.", "True love has a habit of coming back.", "Let all that you do be done n love.", "I want you today and tomorrow and next week and for the rest of my life.", "All I need is your love.", "You think you're one of millions but you're one in a million to me.", "Be the type of person you want to meet.", "I love you even when I hate you.", "Love me for a second and I'll love you forever.", "I need you, you need me. Let's make it work.", "When I talk to you i fall in love over and over again.", "My heart is perfect because.. you are inside.", "When I count my blessings i count you twice.", "Can I borrow a Kiss? I promise I'll give it back.", "Just because I'm busy doesn't mean I don't love you", "Only you can give me that feeling.", "Love when you're ready, not when you are alone.", "Every time I look at the keyboard U and I always together.", "The person loves you more will fight with you daily without any reason", "You either live in love or die, there is no way in between", "The heart that loves, stays always young.", "My \"last seen at\" was just to check your \"last seen at\".", "Love is cute when it's new, but love is most beautiful when it lasts.", "You are my favorite reason to lose my sleep.", "If you fall in love... be ready for the tears..!!", "You left me? Fine! But don't love somebody else in front of me.", "I want vitamin \"U\"", "Love isn't complicated, people are."],
    "hww_missYou": ["I miss someone who doesn't miss me.", "Dear old days,  i miss you.", "I miss your face, your smile, your voice, your kiss. I miss your hugs.I miss you. I miss everything about you.", "i really miss our old talks", "I wish i can hug u whenever i miss you", "i can't explain the way i'm missing you", "i miss u. but its okay, i’m fine", "In case u missed me, feel free to message me.", "i pretend to ignore you, but i really just miss you.", "Sometimes a simple i miss you changes everything.", "When you hear a song that reminds you of someone, and you start missing them.", "I try not to miss you, but in the end I still do.", "I miss seeing your name show up on my phone.", "i like hearing the words i miss you but you know what i like more? When someone proves it.", "I really miss you, but I just dont want to admit it.", "i wish we could go back to how we used to be. I miss that.", "I cant lie, I miss you.", "Reading old messages and realizing how much you miss that person.", "Its better to just quietly miss someone rather than let them know and just get no response.", "Nothing feels better than a surprise text from that person you miss.", "I Do miss you, but i am trying my best to stop caring.", "I miss the fun we used to have Together.", "When you look back on times we had, i Hope you smile.", "I miss the old you. The one that cared about me.", "Sometimes, I just want to disappear and see if anyone would miss me.", "I miss your good night texts :(", "When I miss you, it's like every song I listen to is about you.", "I wonder, do you miss me as much as I miss you?", "Missing you is like breathing, how can I stop.", "I don't miss you. I miss the laughs, the smiles, the good times and the way things were .", "It's never easy missing someone and knowing you can't do anything about it .", "I really miss you. I just don't want to admit it.", "\"I try not to miss you. But in the end, I still do.\"", "Another month.Another year.Another smile.Another tear.Another winter and another summer too. But there can never be another you. Miss you.", "I don’t miss you. I miss the laughs, the smiles, the good times, and the way things were.", "I like hearing the words \"I miss you\" ...but you know what I like more? When someone proves it", "When I close my eyes I see you, when I open my eyes I miss you.", "I’m missing something in my life these days.", "I can't stop missing you.", "I need you so much closer.", "I MISS YOU. A little too much, a little too often, and a little more every day.", "Do I miss you ? →everyday ←", "No texts.No calls.nothing.but i'm still here thinking about you like crazy.", "Sometimes a simple I MISS YOU can change everything ♥", "When your mood is upset for no reason,you're surely missing someone.", "When I miss you, I read our old conversation, smile like an idiot, listen to songs that remind me of you, Then miss you more", "Nothing feels better than a surprise text from that person you miss.", "i miss your smile, your face, your hugs.I miss you.", "No calls, no texts, nothing but i’m still here thinking about you like Crazy.", "No calls, no texts, nothing but i am still here thinking about you like crazy.", "I cant lie, I miss you.", "I am missing you and its killing me.", "Missing someone & not being able to see them is the worst feeling ever.", "I Wish We Could Go Back To how we used to be, i miss that.", "Its never easy missing someone and knowing you cant do anything about it.", "I wish my phone would vibrate right now and your name comes up on the screen.", "I dont miss you. I miss the laughs. The smiles. The good times. The way things were.", "I miss your name lighting up my phone.", "Hey Stupid , i still miss you , still love you , i hope you will realize.", "i wish we could go back to how we used to be. I miss that.", "i miss the time when i actually meant something to you.", "sometimes, i lie awake at night thinking of you.", "Sometimes, its not the person you miss, its the feelings, moments and memories you had with them.", "Missing someone & not being able to see them is the worst feeling ever.", "i miss your smile, your face, your hugs. I miss you.", "I Do miss you, but i am trying my best to stop caring.", "Where there is love, Nothing is missing.", "I miss your smile but I miss my own even more.", "Behind my smile is everything you’ll never understand.", "The more I think of you, the more I love you and the more I miss you.", "No, I am not okay… I miss you.", "A hug for you means I need you. A kiss for you means I love you. A call for you means I’m missing you.", "Whenever I miss you, I just HUG my pillow and imagine its YOU.", "I miss you a little, a little too much, a little too often and a little more each day.", "I miss you more than the sun misses the sky at night.", "I still miss him, I miss him, I’m missing him."],
    "hww_motivational": ["You will fall, You will break, You will fail. And then, You will rise, You will heal, You will overcome. That’s Life.", "Nobody cares about your story until you win, so win.", "Mindset is what separates the Best from the rest.", "Your days are better when you focus on your blessings more than your problems.", "The pages of your past cannot be rewritten, but the pages of your tomorrows are blank. Create it beautifully...", "Tough times always teach you valuable lessons....", "Focus on your goals, they’re closer than you think....", "Things will change if u think in a positive way..", "Never settle for less than you deserve.", "It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.", "When something bad happens, you have three choices you can either let it define you, let it destroy you, or you can let it strengthen you", "Sometimes you have to do whats best for you and your life, not whats best for everybody else.", "Don’t worry, the right ones won’t leave", "God, i need you the most", "Real ones stays in bad times", "Stop hurting yourself. Stop loving someone that aren't real so much.", "Life is a circle of happiness, sadness, hard times, and good times. If you are going through hard times have faith that good times are on the way", "Waking up every morning is another 24 hours extended by God a miracle from Him. Be thankful.", "Life brings Simple Pleasures to us every day. It's up to us to make them wonderful memories.", "Save your heart for someone that's worth dying for.", "Life is not over -", "No Relationship is ever a waste of time. if it didn't bring you what you want, it taught you what you DONT want.", "Stop comparing yourself to others, you are amazing.", "Stop running back to the people who don’t care about you.", "Beauty isn't about having a pretty face its about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul.", "You are what you think so go out & be  fabulous.", "Sometimes you just have to let things go. Breathe relax & trust God. Worrying won't fix it but trusting God will.", "Character is how you treat those who can do nothing for you.", "When you woke up God give you a gift called today. Use it well make it count. give thanks for His precious gift always.", "If you seek Joy within, you will be happy no matter what is going on around you.", "\"Two things define you: Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything\"", "The People you fight with most are the People worth Fighting for.", "Try not to take things personally, what people often say is a reflection of them and not you.", "Sometimes you just have to erase the messages delete the numbers and move on.", "You cant go back and change the past, so look to the future and don't make the same mistakes twice.", "Save your smiles for the people who deserve to see them .", "To say hello to the right person you have to say goodbye to the wrong one.", "The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old but on building the new.", "Follow your dreams dont let anyone or anything stand in your way.", "Dont cry because he left. Smile because he gave you an opportunity to find someone BETTER.", "Make Decisions based on what you know rather than what you feel.", "Forget about what everyone else thinks and says. If it makes you happy, Go for it.", "when I is replaced by WE even illness becomes wellness.", "\"Enjoy your youth. You will never be younger than you are at this very moment .\"", "Everything is going to be alright, maybe not today, but eventually.", "Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer serves you, grows you, or makes you happy.", "One Day, you will be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a Good one.", "\"When something bad happens you have 3 choices, You can either let it define you, destroy you, or let it strengthen you.\"", "Stand up for something which is worth, even if it means standing alone.", "Sometimes I am crazy. Sometimes I am stressed. Sometimes I am lonely. But truly I am blessed.", "All of the stupid mistakes you have made in the past, lead you into the person that you are today. Never regret them.", "Looking good isnt Self importance, its Self Respect.", "Sometimes you have to forget what you feel and realize what you deserve.", "Sometimes you have to do something you have never done, in order to get something you have never had.", "Just because a person Smiles all the time doesn't mean their life is perfect. that smile is symbol of HOPE & Strength.", "You’re beautiful. wouldn't you rather wait for one amazing guy to notice that, rather than a bunch of stupid ones?", "Everyone who is in your life is meant to be a part of your journey but not all of them are meant to stay.", "To be rich, is not what you have in your bank account, but what you have in your heart.", "Sometimes you have to do whats best for you and your life, not whats best for everybody else.", "Sometimes people never get what they deserve because they are too busy holding on to things they're supposed to let go.", "You can do anything if you have a person who believes in you.", "Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with someone else.", "Perfect maturity is when a person hurts you, and you try to understand their situation and don't hurt them back.", "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.", "Never force yourself to have a space in anyone's life because if they really know your worth, they'll surely create one for you.", "You'll never find the right person if you never let go of the wrong one.", "Keep in mind that people change, but the past doesn’t.", "Some people advise you what to do and some people forbid what not to do, but the genuine people just ask you if they can do anything for you", "if you're feeling lonely,just remember that there are trillions of tiny creatures living on and in your body thinking you're their universe", "Cheer up sweet beautiful girl! you are going to love again and it will be magnificent .", "Appreciate what you have before it turns into what you had.", "The moment you give up, is the moment you let someone else win.", "You never really stop loving someone, you just learn to live without then.", "Just because you fail once doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything.", "When something bad happens to you, you have three choices, let it define you, let it break you or make you stronger.", "Pain makes people change but it also makes them stronger.", "Don't let your happiness depend on something you may lose.", "Being sad is a total waste of time. It doesn't change anything and all it does is to mess up your mind and steal your happiness.", "Pain makes you stronger, tears makes you braver, and heartbreaks makes you wiser, so thank the past for a better future.", "Don't cry over the past, it's gone. Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived. Live in the present and make it beautiful.", "Don't try and perfect yourself for one person. Wait for the one that loves your imperfections.", "Sometimes you have to forgive and forget. Forgive them for hurting you and forget that they exist. Move on!", "Sorry heart, but I'm listening to my brain this time. I know better.", "Never live in fear of losing someone, and if they make you feel that way, then they are the one who should be losing you.", "What other people think of you is none of your business.", "If you didn't learn anything from your previous relationship then it was a waste of time.", "The first to apologize is the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest.", "even if i am shattered i still have ability to be strong enough to fight !!", "Wanna know who's beautiful? The girl who is reading this right now", "Don't cry because he left. Smile because he gave you an opportunity to find someone BETTER.", "I'm mature enough to forgive you, but not dumb enough to trust you again.", "What hurts you today, makes you stronger tomorrow.", "Follow the path in your HEART, it will always lead you where you need to BE..", "The end of one story is always a beginning of another story. For everything you lose, you`ll always gain something better.", "If they doesn't make u a priority, then explore ur options", "Don't promise when you're happy, Don't reply when you're angry, and don't decide when you're sad.", "Actions speak louder than words, so if you wanna win someone over, do it with your actions, not just sweet words.", "Don't Let Anyone's Drama, hatred, negativity, ignorance Stop you from being the best Person you Can be", "When 'I' is replaced by 'We', even 'illness' turns into 'Wellness'.", "Always ask God to give you what you deserve , not what you desire. Your desires may be few but you deserve a lot.", "Sometimes you got to shut up, swallow your pride and accept that you're wrong . it's not called giving up , its called growing up .", "Be good enough to forgive someone, But don’t be stupid enough to trust them again.", "If you dont build your own dream, someone will hire you to build theirs.", "Over-thinking will destroy you.", "Just because you fail once doesnt mean you are gonna fail at everything.", "Make your move, before they are gone. Because people change, and hearts move on.", "To success in life... You need two things... Ignorance and Confidence...", "Don't be afraid of losing someone who doesn't feel lucky to have you.", "If you don't ask, you don't get.", "“SUCCESS” is depends on 2nd letter.", "Find someone who can change your life, not your relationship status.", "Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.", "Never stop chasing your dreams.", "If someone in your life makes you forget your past that someone is surely your future.", "Accept that you have lost, but never accept that you have failed.", "Self-trust is the first secret of success.", "The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.", "Never give up. Great things take time.", "Follow your heart but take your brain with you.", "If You Can Dream It, You Can Do It .", "Quiet people have the loudest minds.", "Mistakes are good, but improved mistakes is success.", "History is made by those who BREAK THE RULES.", "Don’t be voilent be silent and show your talent..", "Hard work is never lost.", "Sometimes, the wrong choices take us to the right places.", "To success in life, you need two things: Ignorance and Confidence.", "Be a star and show them that you are.", "Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds, can't change anything.", "Dont regret the past. Just make sure you choose right in the future!", "Defeat your enemies with your success.", "To shine like the sun, you need to burn like one.", "Work until you don't  have to introduce yourself", "One day i really want to say- I MADE IT.", "Work hard in silence & let the success make noise.", "Don't tell people your dreams, SHOW THEM!", "Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people,  If they care, they will notice, if they dont, you know where you stand.", "Never chase anyone. A person who appreciates you will walk with you.", "You deserve to have a new start anytime you want. Move on, let go, start over.", "Head up, stay strong. Fake a smile, move on.", "A little girl takes revenge. A real woman moves on while karma does the dirty work.", "Never use your eyes to cry for the one who fooled you, instead use it to search for the right one.", "All of the stupid mistakes you have made in the past, lead you into the person that you are today. Never regret them.", "Sometimes you need to experience a bad relationship to appreciate a good one.", "the bravest thing you can do is to keep going when all you want to do is suicide.", "Never give up on something you really want it is difficult to wait but more difficult to regret.", "Your dream doesn’t have an expiration date. take a deep breath, and try again", "Head up, Stay strong, Fake a smile and MOVE ON.", "Be with someone who knows what they have when they have you.", "Be with  someone who will realize what they have when they have you , not after they have lost you.", "Forgiveness is an act of self-love.", "You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back.", "Never let your tears and senstivity blind you. If someone hurt you, they showed you who they are. Move on, stay strong.", "Success Is A Fight Between You & Yourself.", "\" Failures are temporary ,But success is Permanent..\"", "If you change nothing, nothing will change.", "Hard Work + Dream + Dedication = Success.", "People know you for what you've done, not for what you plan to do.", "There is always a little more toothpaste in the tube. Think about it.", "Pearls don't lie on the sea shore. If you want one, you must dive for it.", "If you believe in yourself, things are possible.", "Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.", "The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows.", "The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.", "Great things never come from comfort zones.", "\"Dreams is not what you see in sleep is the thing which doesn't let you sleep\"", "If you would create something, you must be something.", "The power of imagination makes us infinite.", "Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.", "If you dream it, you can do it.", "Do or Die...There is no try.", "Take a deep breath and start again."],
    "hww_music": ["There is always a certain line in a song that will always stuck in your mind because it reminds you of a place, a moment or a person.", "Music always puts me in a better mood.", "Music always puts me in a better mood.", "Sometimes it feels like the lyrics to a song you're listening to, were written just for you.", "Music becomes my best friend when nobody else understand me .", "Music is always there when you need it.", "Music is life,that's why our hearts have beats.", "Music is life.", "Behind every girl's favorite song is an untold story.", "All it takes in 1 song to bring back 1000 memories.", "No matter how bad you sing, sing for her.. she'll smile :)", "I'm listening to music because I don't want to listen to you.", "Listening to something more interesting than you.", "Can't hear you! Listening to music!", "Rocking and rolling.", "Music is my life... So let me enjoy it.", "Music is my best friend.", "Music is the one thing that never betrays me.", "Don't interupt me when I'm listening to my music.", "The good thing about listening to a new song is that it doesn't remind you of anyone.", "sometimes hearing the music is just the best way to ignore the world."],
    "hww_naughty": ["Without Her Permission I Will Touch Her Only To Wipe Her Tears..!", "I believe in love and marriage but not necessarily with the same person.", "The key of my happiness, just forgetting my past.", "I finally realized this, I need you more than I thought.", "KISS ME.. I am Magically Delicious.", "Naughty by Nature. Wild By Choice.", "I'm easy. Are you?", "A secret is what you tell everyone not to tell anyone else."],
    "hww_pain": ["Sometimes a good cry in the shower is all you need, to release the pain that has build up inside.", "I Wish I Could Give You My Pain So That You Understand How Much You Hurt Me.", "H.O.P.E = Hold On Pain Ends.", "Yes, I've changed. Pain does that to people.", "Missing you can turn from pain to pleasure if I knew you were missing me too.", "Emotional pain will always hurt more than physical pain.", "Sometimes, tears are a sign of unspoken happiness.. and smile is a sign of silenced pain..", "Love can't be proven with poems, promises, or presents. Sometimes, only pain and patience can prove it.", "The most painful goodbye's are those which were never said and never explained.", "My silence is just another word for my PAIN.", "There’s always a person that you hate for no reason.", "The pain is there to remind me that I'm still alive.", "I know my silence and my tears will heal my pain one day.", "The greatest pain that comes from love is loving someone you can never have."],
    "hww_rain": ["Listening to the rain,", "I love rainy days with a blanket and a cup of tea and a book.", "Dark night + Heavy rain + Coldness + Nice blanket = Perfect sleep", "Let me kiss you hard in the pouring rain.", "Everyone wants HAPPINESS. No one wants PAIN. But you can’t have a RAINBOW, without a little of RAIN.", "Whenever it rains, I feel you.", "This rain makes me miss you even more.", "I love falling asleep in the sound of rain.", "I wish I could sit in the rain and let it wash all my worries away."],
    "hww_sad": ["I might be okay but I'm not fine at all.", "I need someone to make me feel okay", "Eyes talk better than words sometimes", "Trying to be better everyday", "i hate how sensitive i am sometimes", "Damn i miss my fav person so much", "Missing the same person, everyday.", "Smallest lie can break the biggest trust", "current status : sad and in love", "Who cares if I'm not okay?  Nobody hehe", "i wish i can delete my sad feelings", "You still make me smile even if you are the main reason why i am sad.", "I wish my book of life was written in pencil. There are a few pages I would like to erase.", "I don't know what I do wrong but it seems like I am always the second choice for everybody.", "You think I have changed. Truth is you never really knew the real me.", "The kindest of Hearts have felt the most pain.", "I hate it when i can stop thinking about that one person.", "Im not saying i regret meeting you. i just regret trusting you.", "Explaining your feelings to someone is one of the hardest thing to do.", "The more you hide your feelings, the more they show. The more you deny your feelings, the more they grow.", "We used to talk everyday, now its like we dont even know each other.", "Memories are the only reason we cant move on.", "Saying that you are okay is so much easier rather than explaining all the reasons why you are not.", "I understand why you left But what i dont understand why im still waiting for you?", "I cared, you didn't. I cried, you laughed. I was hurt, you smiles. I moved on, you realised what you had. TOO LATE.", "The worst feeling is when something is killing you inside and you have to act like you don't care.", "Loving someone and not being loved in return, worst thing in the world.", "Never Play With The Feelings Of Others, Because You May Win The Game But The Risk Is That You Will Surely Lose The Person For Life Time.", "It is strange how we hold on to the pieces of the past while we wait for our futures.", "Its painful to say goodbye to someone you don't want to let go, but more painful to ask someone to stay when you know they want to leave.", "Promises are worse than lies because you just don't make them believe, you also make them H O P E.", "I don't regret my past. i just regret the time i have wasted with the wrong people .", "I'm not saying I regret meeting you, I just regret trusting you.", "Bad relationships change good people.", "I'm scared of getting too close to anyone, because those who said that they'll always be there for me, left .", "No matter how hard you try, some people will never change :(", "Me and my heart, we got issues, don't know if I should hate you or miss you.", "I can delete you from facebook and block you on twitter but I can't delete memories or block you from my heart. :( ♪♥", "A billion feelings, a thousand thoughts, hundreds of memories, all for that one person.", "Saying that you're okay is much easier than explaining all the reasons why you're sad.", "Thanks for texting me first and then ignoring my reply.", "The smile on my face doesn't mean my life is perfect.", "I'll never hurt you , what a LIE .", "Don't play with my heart if you have no intentions for a serious relationship.", "\"A single moment of misunderstanding is so poisonous, that it makes us forget the hundred lovable moments spent together within a minute .\"", "I can’t trust someone who is friends with everyone.", "Sometimes two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together.", "If you push me away I promise you, you won’t find me where you left me. My heart is big , but not big enough to deal with people, who decide to love me when it’s convenient for them.", "Sadly, The only way some people will learn to appreciate you, is by losing you.", "I think I’m afraid to be happy because whenever I get too happy, something bad always happens.", "I’m sorry I was not good enough. But i tried to be.", "Sometimes it feels so good to just sit by yourself,relax and not talk to anyone.", "The sad part isn't that we never talk, its that we used to talk everyday.", "Smile and no one will see how broken you are inside.", "I like to listen to sad music when I'm sad to make me double sad.", "The heart was made to be broken.", "You will find a girl prettier than me, smarter than me, and funnier than me, but you will never find a girl just like me.", "It's so hard to forget someone that you shared so many memories with.", "Don't promise when you're happy, don't reply when you're angry, and don't decide when you're sad.", "Why am I so afraid to lose you when you're not even mine?", "The sad moment when you find an old conversation between YOU and Someone you don't talk to anymore.", "Just because I am smiling, doesnt mean my life is perfect.", "My life isnt perfect but i am thankful for everything i have.", "He is not really mine. We are not really together. But for what its worth, he is and will always be my sweetest whatever.", "Too much trust sometimes Kills you.", "A Lie is a Lie, no matter how big or how small.", "My weakness is that I care too much.", "One of the worst mistakes you will do is walking away from the person who actually stood there and waited for you.", "I knw U Hv Blocked Me, But Still I luv To Watch Ur Blank Profile 💔", "U Cant Switch Off Ur Feelings Just Because Other Person Did 💔💔", "Im loyal, but it always seems like Im loyal to the wrong people.", "Things change, but the way you made me feel that never will.", "I dont hate you, I hate what you have done.", "I hate the fact that things between us never got better.", "I feel like everything i do is wrong.", "Sorry heart, but I am listening to my brain this time. I know better.", "You can miss someone who died , you can miss someone who moved away, but the worst is when you miss someone you see everyday.", "Every time i trust somebody, they show me why i shouldnt.", "Seriously boys dont understand how much a little word or move can affect a girl.", "Me and my heart, we got issues. Dont know if I should hate you or miss you.", "Your boyfriend should treat you like his princess not like his bitch.", "Bad relationship change good people.", "i hate being jealous when i know i should not be.", "People say follow your heart…but which way do you go when your heart breaks into two?", "Sometimes when I say: I'm okay. I want someone to look me in the eyes, hug me tight, and say: I know you're not.", "From outside I am Smiling But It does not mean I am Happy.", "I feel crappy inside,like something just broke.", "“For some moments in life there are no words.”", "I don’t regret my past. I just regret the time I have wasted with the wrong people.", "More expectations break relations", "No one has ever loved anyone the way everyone wants to be loved.", "The truth is, I`m still waiting for you till now.", "No matter how much you tries to forget, it will always be there.", "I can feel you forgetting me.", "Real feelings don’t just “go away”.", "I’ve lost somebody who wasn’t even mine.", "Sadness does not come from bad circumstances. It comes from bad thoughts.", "Every day, I am acting like I am okay but you'll never know the truth.", "it’s funny how a person can hurt you so much when you were expecting it in the first place..", "I fell for you, but you didn’t catch me..", "Tears are the last gift of TRUE LOVE....", "I need something more to hold then just a phone.", "One day you'll finally see, your biggest mistake was not loving me.", "I wish you weren’t in my dreams.", "Sometimes, you have to smile to hold back the tears.", "I hope we meet again.", "I REALLY CARE ABOUT U BUT U CARE ABOUT SOMEONE ELSE WHO NEVER CARE ABOUT U", "I still love you, that's a fact. But a million apologies can't bring me back.", "When words fail, tears speak..", "Sometimes you have to know when to stop hoping :-(", "It's sad to be happy alone.", "I will wait till the day I can forget YOU or the day you realize you can’t forget Me."],
    "hww_school": ["I was good at math until the Alphabet came in.", "S.T.U.D.Y = Sleeping, Talking, Unlimited Texting, Dreaming, Yawning.", "The day before the last exam I can`t stop thinking about the fun afterwards.", "When i say i miss school, i mean my friends and the fun. Not the school.", "You are the reason i wake up every morning lol just kidding i have a school.", "I wish there was a pen that can copy and paste.", "Did anyone ever notice that 'STUDYING' is a mixture of STUDY and DYING?", "I don't hate school. I just hate the teachers, the homework, the exams, and waking up in the morning.", "My school cares more about the uniform than about my education.", "We live too much in books and not enough in nature."],
    "hww_selfie": ["love yourself you are the only person who is with you, your entire life.", "\"I may never be good thought for someone\" \"But I'll be the best for those who deserve me\"", "Don't beg for anyone to stay in your life... If they want to be a part of your life...they stay.", "I've always been afraid of losing people I love sometimes I wonder is there anyone out there afraid to lose me.", "I Live, I Love,  I Laugh,I cry  I'm Not Perfect  No one is,  Neither you Nor I.", "A selfie a day keeps the friends away.", "Sometimes the people who are thousands of miles away from you can make you feel better than the people who are right beside you.", "The truth is You never deserved me.", "I really don't care about a lot of things, but when I do care, I care too much.", "\"Honestly, I don't need someone who sees the good in me. I need someone who sees the bad in me and still wants me.\"", "The stuff you heard about me is a lie, I’m way worse…", "This is called a Selfie.", "Selfie! Under construction", "I'm not lazy, just relaxed .", "Real men don’t take selfies.", "I'm the girl you'll never be.", "Warning - You might fall in love with me.", "I plan to make rest of my life, the best of my life!!", "Sugar? No thanks, i am already sweet..", "I can and I will. Watch me!!", "I Don’t Trust Words. I Trust Actions.", "I avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.", "I feel lost inside myself.", "I only know that I know nothing", "I will kill you with my awesomeness...", "I smile …Because I don’t know WHAT THE HELL is going on.", "I don’t get older, I level up.", "I am who I am, Your approval is not needed.", "I will win, Not immediately But Definitely.’", "While I was born… Devil said, Oh! Competition.", "Sometimes i just want to kill myself just to see if anyone really cares.", "I know I haven’t changed but I’m not the same.", "I don’t want perfect, i want honest..", "I’ m a good boy with bad habits.", "Only you can change yourself, no one else can.", "Your mistakes, my troubles..!!", "Don’t copy paste my style…", "i love it..!! plz gift it to me…!! plz", "Sleeping to forget some things..!!", "When i am good i am best , when i am bad i am worst.", "Diet rule #1: If nobody sees you eating it, it doesn't contain any calories.", "If you are player then I’m the GAME.", "Be Careful As I Draw You I Can Delete You.", "If you don’t mind, it doesn’t matter.", "Be you !!! The world will adjust.", "Love me or hate me I’m still gonna shine.", "Me…..myself…and I..!!", "Sometimes the only one, who can appreciate you, is you.", "Don't listen to the haters, they're jealous because you're doing what they can't ❤.", "Just Believe In Yourself", "Trust yourself, think for yourself, act for yourself, speak for yourself. Be yourself."],
    "hww_selfish": ["I’m so jealous of people who get to see you every day.", "Jealousy = I actually care about you.", "Yes I'm selfish. I don't like sharing you with people. ♥", "You killed what was left of the good in me.", "Be yourself because an original is worth more than a copy.", "Don’t tell me to change, I can’t perfect myself anymore.", "I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.", "Be good to yourself, you’re all you’ve got.", "People are selfish now a days.", "If you don't like me remember it's mind over matter, I don't mind and you don't matter.", "I don't care about what others think about me, I just care about what I think about myself.", "I am simple, complex, generous, selfish, unattractive, beautiful, lazy, and driven.", "I'd rather be hated for being real, than loved for being fake.", "I'm only selfish when it comes to you.", "I done what i like, i don't care what you think?", "I am who I am, your approval isn't needed.", "Yes i am selfish i don’t want to share you with people."],
    "hww_short": ["Choose people who choose you.", "Just a year ago, things were so different.", "It's about who stays, not who promised.", "I might be okay but I'm not fine at all.", "Alone doesn’t mean lonely.", "Tell me how it feels to be loved back.", "What you see isn’t always the whole truth.", "No more expectations from anyone.", "Same lies, different people.", "what hurts you, changes you.", "i'll never be that me again", "I haven’t changed. I grew up", "I miss someone who doesn't miss me.", "Mindset is what separates the Best from the rest.", "Dear old days,  i miss you.", "Expect nothing and appreciate everything.", "Tough times always teach you valuable lessons....", "Things will change if u think in a positive way..", "Small circle. Private life. Peaceful Mind.", "Never settle for less than you deserve.", "It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.", "My biggest problem is overthinking everything", "My silence means I'm tired of everything", "I have a lot of unsaid thoughts", "Every time my phone vibrates, I hope it's you", "One unexpected message can heal a lot", "it hurts but i’ll never show that im hurt", "I need someone to make me feel okay", "Eyes talk better than words sometimes", "My heart is full of unsaid words", "Thinking about you never ends", "Ignore me and I’ll do the same .", "I m not that someone anymore", "Once i lose interest it’s over .", "Be mine, i’ll keep you forever 💕", "Remember when i said i am fine? Yeah, I lied.", "I am missing you and its killing me.", "Head up, stay strong. Fake a smile, move on.", "I dont hate you, I hate what you have done.", "Apologies dont fix broken hearts.", "Lies dont end relationships, The truth does.", "HOPE = Hold On Pain Ends.", "I miss your name lighting up my phone.", "I feel like everything i do is wrong.", "If God is all you have, you have all you need.", "Dont cry over someone who wouldnt cry over you.", "One lie can ruin a thousands Truths.", "First you care, then you get hurt.", "i just want a cute, long lasting relationship.", "Bad relationship change good people.", "sometimes, i lie awake at night thinking of you.", "i hate being jealous when i know i should not be.", "i love you, but i hate the way you act sometimes.", "I miss your good night texts.", "A Broken heart is what Changes People.", "We are more than friends but less than a couple.", "Head up, Stay strong, Fake a smile and MOVE ON.", "The truth is: I can’t hate you, even if I try.", "Memories are the only reason we cant move on.", "Friendship is a single soul living in two bodies.", "i'm Better than you EX & Better Than your Next.", "The hardest goodbye is the one that's never said.", "Forgiveness is an act of self-love.", "Feelings is the language of the soul.", "There is nothing on earth divine expect humanity.", "A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.", "Whatever the question, the answer is love.", "The purpose of life is a life of purpose.", "Happiness is homemade.....", "The purpose of life is to enjoy every moment.", "LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL  *Conditions Apply*", "Learn to make yourself happy.", "I'm tired, but I'm still trying my best", "i hope you never get tired of me", "if you need me, i’d always be here.", "I’m trying really hard not to hurt again.", "Missing the same person, everyday.", "My only wish is to be with u forever", "i spend my nights thinking about you", "Million feelings, for one special person", "I feel empty when you're not with me.", "I love it when I see you happy", "I miss you a lot, but it's okay. I'm fine", "Sometimes it feels better not to talk", "Smallest lie can break the biggest trust", "Don’t worry, the right ones won’t leave", "i still remember our last eye contact", "You are the only one my heart wants", "I spend my whole day thinking of u", "I am okay & not okay at the same time", "I don't want others attention, I want yours", "It scares me how temporary everything is", "Talking to you makes everything better", "I did my best to keep you. I’m done trying", "Take me back to the last time we met", "My favorite memory was meeting you", "My mind never stopped thinking about u", "My Status are messages for you", "i can't explain the way i'm missing you", "I'm done begging for your attention.", "Need someone who care about me", "I want someone I can talk to all day.", "I overthink because I notice everything", "I love you stay safe where ever u are", "there’s a lot in my heart but i can’t say", "i hate pretending like it doesn’t hurt", "i hate waiting, but i'll wait for you", "current mood: i wanna talk with you", "Promise we break them , Memories They break us .", "If God is all you have, you have all you need.", "when i got attached, you left.", "Lets make it short and simple, I love you.", "Silence is better than explaining", "i wanna mute my overthinking", "i’m tired, i need money", "im 99.9% sleepy all day", "i'm hurt but i'm always silent", "I hide my pain with a smile", "You are mine, i cant share", "my “okay” will never be okay", "i really miss our old talks", "damn, i love you  everyday", "dear someone, i need you", "i'm strong but i cry quickly", "Trying to be better everyday", "You're mine and i'm yours", "i hate texting, i wanna see you", "Mood: forever missing you", "Tired, sad and overthinking", "you're not mine but i miss you everyday", "overthinking is my partner at night", "i wanna be kissed & hugged by you", "i wanna be okay, i wanna feel fine", "if i care for you, i care until the end", "I’m still trying to be happy and fine", "i break my own heart by caring too much", "You’re the reason why I’m smiling again", "pretending to be okay is not easy at all", "please be safe i care about you a lot", "sometimes it’s better to say nothing", "i need a unexpected happy message", "i miss having a life without stress", "i wanna be that person u’r scared to lose", "fu*k, i’m inlove with someone i can’t have", "Smile and the world smiles with you.", "One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.", "The most important things in life aren't things.", "COUNT blessings NOT problems.", "Every time You smile I smile.", "Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.", "Be happy for this moment is your life.", "Aspire to Inspire before you expire", "Life is like Ice Enjoy it Before it melts.", "LIVE for the moments you can't put into words.", "A fake smile can hide millions of tears...", "DON'T FoRGet To Smile.", "God's word is your sword!.", "If God is all you have you have all you need.", "God is faithful even when his children are not.", "I am a child of GOD.", "God always gives us what we need in time.", "Expect Great things From GOD.", "You are beautiful I know, because I made you.", "Trust the Lord who is Leading you.", "When thing's get tough JUST PRAY.", "KEEP Praying until God Answers .", "God never stops giving us reasons to PRAISE HIM .", "When people let you Down. God will pick you up.", "GOD'S Love never Fails.", "Have Faith in GOD.", "Life Hurts ,  God Heals.", "Thank you Lord for Giving us this day.", "Thank you Lord for Giving us this day.", "GOD Loves You!", "Only God can fill an Empty Heart.", "God's direction removes confusion.", "Dear God, thank you for everything.", "Every day do your BEST. GOD will do the rest.", "Let God's promises shine on your problems.", "With god All Things Are Possible.", "I miss your good night texts :(", "Attraction is automatic, but love is a choice", "Dreams. ♥", "I feel like everything i do is wrong :(", "You're not perfect, but you're all I want.", "The nicer you are, the easier you're hurt.", "I wonder, do you miss me as much as I miss you?", "You're so special to me.", "Bad relationships change good people.", "Apologies don't fix broken hearts .", "I just want a cute, long lasting relationship.", "Missing you is like breathing, how can I stop.", "I'm not mad. I'm hurt. There's a difference.", "If it still hurts, you still care.", "Jealousy = I actually care about you.", "I want y̶o̶u̶ us.", "Seeing you is the favourite part of my day", "Music is always there when you need it.", "Most hardest question: Describe yourself.", "BestLieEver \"I will always love you.\"", "I really miss you. I just don't want to admit it.", "Sometimes all I want is a hug", "H.O.P.E = Hold On Pain Ends.", "Hold her tight, she won't want you to let go.", "Even a million fights could not make me hate you.", "Don't leave a girl you need, for a girl you want.", "❒Taken ❒Single ✔ Don't care anymore.", "Not all people in your life are meant to stay.", "Can you do me a favor? Don't forget me.", "I enjoy every moment I spend with you.", "Good relationship is worth the wait .", "When people get suspicious, trust disappears.", "I don't hate you, I hate what you have done.", "The best feeling is that first kiss.", "The tighter the hug the better it feels.", "Cuddling with you would be perfect right now.", "People come and go. But the best will stay.", "I may not be perfect but I am original.", "You are what you think so go out & be  fabulous.", "The kindest of Hearts have felt the most pain.", "I try not to miss you, but in the end I still do.", "I miss seeing your name show up on my phone.", "Jealousy means I actually care about you.", "Not even a million fights could make me hate you.", "I get mad because i care.", "I miss your name lighting up my phone.", "i feel myself complete when i am with you.", "Those who are heartless once cared too much.", "Real men talk about women in a respectful manner.", "Before you judge me, make sure you are Perfect.", "I get jealous but i will never show it.", "i just want a cute, long lasting relationship.", "Every night i thank god for giving me you.", "I cant lie, I miss you.", "Memories are the only reason we cant move on.", "All i know is that i cant go a day without you.", "Music always puts me in a better mood.", "i am who i am and i wont change for anyone.", "Once i am with you, nobody else matters.", "All i know is that i cant go a day without you.", "I dont hate you i hate what you have done.", "Once you are attached you are screwed.", "Music always puts me in a better mood.", "I miss the fun we used to have Together.", "A legal kiss is never as good as a stolen one.", "I don't fear commitment, I fear wasting my time.", "A girl doesn't need anyone who doesn't need her.", "The heart that loves is always young.", "Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.", "The best relationship usually begin unexpectedly.", "I miss the old you. The one that cared about me.", "They may try to COPY you, but they can't be YOU.", "im sorry, im really sorry for being me", "There is no one else as special as you", "So many different mood in one day", "Bestfriend love is a different type of love", "i appreciate people that ask about me", "i hate how sensitive i am sometimes", "Damn i miss my fav person so much", "Once you lose me, u lost me forever", "i wanna mute my overthinking", "i know everything, i’m just quiet", "i just don't want to get hurt again", "i really want to hug you but u r so far", "Songs explain what i can’t explain", "It’s hard missing someone I can’t talk to", "You'll always be my favorite person", "i always hide what hurts me the most", "I hope u feel what I’m feeling too", "Nothing new, still thinking about you", "if I get mad at you, that means i care", "my heart feels heavy but thats okay", "i automatically smile when you text me", "You stole my heart take care of it", "everyone leaves in the end anyway", "i get so happy when you talk to me", "Please call me, I miss your voice", "Sometimes music is the only medicine", "Take me back to the good old days", "True friends are always there for you", "My thoughts always destroy my mood", "My mood changes in 0.5 seconds", "I'm sorry, I'm really sorry for being me", "I wish i can hug u whenever i miss you", "it's hard for me to stay away from you", "Music makes everything feel better", "i appreciate honesty more than anything", "it’s hard for me to express what i feel", "i hate how sensitive i am sometimes", "I just want to stop thinking and sleep.", "i want someone who only wants me", "i need someone who never change", "God, i need you the most", "i hate it when i can't control my tears", "Stop faking just be real", "Dear old days , I miss you", "We’re all weak for someone", "I feel better when I’m with you", "I want u with me all the time", "current status : sad and in love", "Real ones stays in bad times", "i miss u. but its okay, i’m fine", "i'm hurt but i'm always silent", "i suffered, i learned, i changed", "Love 💕 is Easy but Queen 👑 is Busy .❤", "Love 💕 is Easy but King 👑 is Busy .❤", "Im laughing on the outside,  cry on the inside .", "Let it hurt and let it go", "In case u missed me, feel free to message me.", "Who cares if I'm not okay?  Nobody hehe", "i wish i can delete my sad feelings", "Just sleep when it's hurt", "Smile even if it's hurt.", "Sometimes a simple i miss you changes everything.", "If you want to be TOGETHER you have to-get-her.", "Love People, not things Use things, not People.", "Seeing you is my favorite part of the day.", "My favorite thing is sleeping next to you.", "Maybe i should learn not to get too attached.", "Life is not over -", "Music is my escape from the bullshit in life.", "I am glad i met you. Now do me a favor and stay.", "I cant explain how i feel when i am with you.", "Hate is easy. Love takes courage.", "Those who are heartless, once cared too much.", "Best conversations usually happen late at night.", "If we kiss , i'm biting your lip ♥", "Yes, I've changed. Pain does that to people.", "I am who i am and i won't change for anyone.", "I'll never hurt you , what a LIE .", "Best relationships usually begins UNEXPECTEDLY", "You're the girl that I want to grow old with.", "I won't give up on us ♥", "I may not be perfect, but I am original.", "A day without you is always incomplete.", "It's hard to move on when you still care.", "Nice Lips . . . Can i kiss them ? ♥", "Do I miss you ? →everyday ←", "We must be faithful, but not stupid!", "My real smile comes out when i am with you ♥", "How he treats you is how he feels about you.", "Over-thinking will destroy you.", "NO love, no pain, no gain, stay Single be Happy;)", "i am scared to see you with someone else.", "If you love her, dont ever make her cry.", "Too much trust sometimes Kills you.", "Yes, i have changed. Pain does that to People.", "Dear Feelings, i need you to move on.", "A Lie is a Lie, no matter how big or how small.", "I am not your toy.", "My weakness is that I care too much.", "i wish i could ignore you the way you ignore me.", "I don’t fear commitment, I fear wasting my time.", "Sometimes words are not enough.", "Cheating is a choice not a mistake.", "Those who are heartless once cared too much.", "I cant lie, I miss you.", "You only get hurt if you actually give a fuck.", "If you dont want me , Dont fuck with my feelings.", "I care too much that’s how i get hurt.", "Music is life.", "True Love Has a Habbit of coming Back.", "I m in love with you.", "Sometimes all you need is a friend.", "I am Waiting for GF Message!", "I think i love you, but don't even know you.", "My dream is to be your dream.", "Happiness means you. I Love You.", "Your heart and mine are forever one.", "Your love is all I need to feel complete.", "Love is being stupid together.", "Love is that ,which can never explained.", "I Love U Dear With Every Beat Of My Heart.", "I think i should made a girlfreind!", "I love being pale in the winter!", "Cold weather is the perfect excuse for hugging.", "A warm thank you... For all that you do for me.", "Thanks for your support and understanding.", "Thank you for listening to me.", "Thank you for the warm and lovely wishes,", "Thanks for always being there!", "If I went binary, you would be the '1' for me.", "If Apple made a car, would it have Windows?", "The more I C, the less I see.", "I don’t care for people, who don’t care for me.", "In my dreams you’re mine forever.", "I love you - I trust you - I'm sorry - help me.", "i m so sorry my love...", "Saying sorry was the biggest strength...!!", "I am sorry for felling sorry.", "I can kid the world but not my sister.", "I Love MY Sister because She Cares Meee", "You killed what was left of the good in me.", "I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.", "Be good to yourself, you’re all you’ve got.", "People are selfish now a days.", "I’m born to express, not to impress.", "Don’t say I Love You. Prove it.", "Focus on me, f-f-focus on me", "No matter where you go, know you're not alone", "What do you mean?", "Is it too late to say I'm sorry now ?", "\"You should go and love yourself", "Where there is love, Nothing is missing.", "\"The highest happiness on earth is marriage.\"", "Marriage is a gamble, Let’s be honest.", "Grow old with me, the best is yet to be.", "When prayers go up, blessings come down.", "Most people do not pray; they only beg.", "To be present is to be prayerful.", "Peace be to you, fear not.", "Life is God's novel. Let him write it.", "Heaven means to be one with God.", "ن٥ﻻ ﻉ√٥ﺎ ٱ", "A selfie a day keeps the friends away.", "★⋰⋱★⋰⋱★⋰⋱★⋰⋱★★ Happy Birthday. ★★⋱⋰★⋱⋰★⋱⋰★⋱⋰★", "Being \"Single\" is My Attitude!", "Status Unavailable! Check Later", "Roses are red and I'm going to bed...Good night", "Stay faithful or stay single.", "Being Single Isn't Easy.", "How to prepare for exams: Cry.", "Listening to the rain,", "Let me kiss you hard in the pouring rain.", "What was my fault….?", "My love for you is like a circle, it has no end.", "The truth is You never deserved me.", "You met me at a very strange TIME in my life.", "Think Less , Fell More.", "We think too much and feel too little.", "You can't logic your way through emotion.", "Music is life,that's why our hearts have beats.", "Take a deep breath and start again.", "If you don't ask, you don't get.", "No, I am not okay… I miss you.", "I’m wearing the smile you gave me.", "I still miss him, I miss him, I’m missing him.", "Silent people have the greatest heart.", "“SUCCESS” is depends on 2nd letter.", "Honesty is the best Gift you can give.", "Life is short, why to waste in updating Status.", "Life is about laughing & living,", "Truth and honest life is the goal of my thoughts.", "Enjoy life to be healthy.", "For me to live means to work.", "The happier the time, the shorter it is.", "Life is beautiful if you know where to look.", "Be FREE like a BIRD.", "I need you like a heart needs a beat.", "I can feel you forgetting me.", "Real feelings don’t just “go away”.", "I found the right one at the wrong time.", "I’ve lost somebody who wasn’t even mine.", "I want someone to be afraid of losing me.", "I wish I was enough for someone.", "I feel like everything I do is wrong.", "I feel lost inside myself.", "A tear is made of … 1% water and 99% feelings.", "My room is so quiet and empty, it hurts.", "You know my name not my story.", "I didn't choose you.... my heart did", "if love is true ...it will always find a way.", "Smile and forgive, it's the only way to live.", "Be the reason someone smiles today.", "I can always make you smiling.", "My Real Smile Comes when i am with you.", "Life is like a camera. . so face it with a SMILE", "Need Love? … No… I would prefer vodka!", "Hard times will always reveal true friends.", "Show me, don't tell me.", "I hate to see his face", "Love Is Blind But Beautiful", "Keep Calm...I'm Single.", "Mans are many but money is money.", "Stars can’t shine without darkness..", "Sugar? No thanks, i am already sweet..", "Love is life, & if you miss life, You miss Love.", "Silence is better than lies.", "Good girls are bad girls, who never get caught.", "Excellence is not a skill, It is an attitude.", "Success Is A Fight Between You & Yourself.", "“Always Think twice, speak once”", "\" What we think, we become!..\"", "Life is a journey, not a race..", "If your are not like something , then change it!", "\" Don't compare yourself to anyone. Be unique...\"", "\" God answers when you least expect it...\"", "It’s good to shut up sometimes.", "There is still so much to see.", "If you change nothing, nothing will change.", "Study mode!", "I can and I will. Watch me!!", "Hard Work + Dream + Dedication = Success.", "Men Never Remember, But Women Never Forget.", "I Don’t Trust Words. I Trust Actions.", "If you believe in yourself, things are possible.", "The harder you fall, the higher you bounce.", "Never, never, never, never give up.", "Great things never come from comfort zones.", "The power of imagination makes us infinite.", "If you dream it, you can do it.", "To have a friend you need to be a friend.", "Learn then remove 'L'.", "Do or Die...There is no try.", "One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.", "I'm only selfish when it comes to you.", "I done what i like, i don't care what you think?", "This is called a Selfie.", "Selfie! Under construction", "I'm not lazy, just relaxed .", "Real men don’t take selfies.", "I am who I am, your approval isn't needed.", "I'm the girl you'll never be.", "Warning - You might fall in love with me.", "I was good at math until the Alphabet came in.", "I wish there was a pen that can copy and paste.", "Whenever it rains, I feel you.", "This rain makes me miss you even more.", "I love falling asleep in the sound of rain.", "The key of my happiness, just forgetting my past.", "KISS ME.. I am Magically Delicious.", "Naughty by Nature. Wild By Choice.", "I'm easy. Are you?", "Listening to something more interesting than you.", "Can't hear you! Listening to music!", "Rocking and rolling.", "Music is my life... So let me enjoy it.", "Music is my best friend.", "Music is the one thing that never betrays me.", "Don't interupt me when I'm listening to my music.", "I miss your smile but I miss my own even more.", "I’m not here to talk.", "Strength Within, Pride Throughout.", "I'm doing it for ME.", "Stop saying tomorrow.", "Don't wish for it, work for it.", "The pain of today is the victory of tomorrow.", "Build your body, build your character.", "No pain, No gain!", "Go hard or go home.", "Trust me you will dance- Alcohol", "I only know that I know nothing", "I will kill you with my awesomeness...", "Non-urgent calls only!!", "Online by public demand", "Take out ‘N’ out of FRIEND, and you are cooked!", "I don’t get older, I level up.", "Laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot.", "If you don’t care, stop talking about it.", "I am who I am, Your approval is not needed.", "I lost my teddy bear. Can i sleep with you?", "i know you look on my status.", "I will win, Not immediately But Definitely.’", "life is short…smile while you still have teeth.", "Eat…sleep….regret……repeat.", "I love my job only when I’m on vacation.", "You have to be ODD, to be number ONE.", "When nothing goes right..!! Go left.", "I’m not lazy, I’m on energy saving mode.", "AwesoME ends with ME and Ugly starts with U.", "While I was born… Devil said, Oh! Competition.", "Born to express and not to impress.", "His story is History, My Story is Mystery.", "Brain is the best worker,When you can use it", "God is really creative , i mean ..just look at me", "Hey,you are reading my status again ?", "Spread more love than hate.", "I fell for you, but you didn’t catch me..", "Loneliness is better than a bad company.", "Tears are the last gift of TRUE LOVE....", "I'm slowly giving up.", "My silence is just another word for my PAIN.", "Sometimes, only pain and patience can prove it.", "Man make money but money make man mad.", "Life is like a mountain, not a beach.", "Never stop chasing your dreams.", "Nobody can teach me who I am.", "Never make eye contact while eating a banana.", "70% boy Have GF ,other Have Brain!", "If your are still hate me!then No Problem!.", "Smile…It confuses people..!", "Me…..myself…and I..!!", "You fall in love, you get hurt. That’s life.", "I don’t insult people , I just describe them.", "A party without cake is just a meeting.", "I got less but i got best!", "Life doesn't get easier u get stronger.", "Life is nothing without true friendship.", "To live means to fight.", "Hard work is never lost.", "You can do anything, but not everything.", "Life is short, why to waste in updating Status..", "I'd rather have honest enemies than fake friends.", "Love can't be found Where it doesn't exist ..", "It's sad to be happy alone.", "I’m missing something in my life these days.", "You Always Get Hurt The Moment You Begin To Care.", "With You It's Different.", "Good morning, let the stress begin", "The longer the title the less important the job.", "At least mosquitoes are attracted to me.", "If you can’t change a Girl… change the Girl.", "All girls are my sisters except you.", "My attitude depends on the people in front of me.", "I Am Not Special , I Am Just Limited Edition", "No expectations, No disappointments.", "One love, one heart, one destiny.", "Love is The Greatest Refreshment in Life.", "The heart was made to be broken.", "Tears come from the heart and not from the brain.", "Flow ~ in the direction your heart wishes to go.", "Stop Focusing on people who are focusing on you.", "Sweet Dreams Sleep Tight, I love you & Good Night", "And tonight I fall asleep with you in my dreams.", "Every new day is a chance to change your life.", "Let make it short and simple, I love you.", "Honestly I have no idea how to live without you.", "I am a fish out of water without YOU!", "You have no ideas how much you mean to me.", "Stolen kisses are always sweetest.", "I'm 50% single.", "Don't stress, do your best, forget the rest.", "Keep calm and fighting for the final exam.", "Exam On Life OFF!!!!", "I feel crappy inside,like something just broke.", "“For some moments in life there are no words.”", "I feel so alone sometimes.", "Stop falling in love with me.", "My Experience Said... It's risky", "Once a cheater, always a repeater.", "Its not cheating unless you get caught.", "Don't cry over someone that won't cry over you.", "I am too busy to have a girlfriend.", "My Brother.. My love & My Life", "Silence is the best way to react while angry.", "More expectations break relations", "Silence is the best way to react while angry.", "Do not love anyone and everyone will love you", "Love is when the heart beats faster", "True love does not tolerate outsiders", "To know the person, you must love him", "“Love is many things,none of them logical.”", "Love is what makes you smile when you're tired.", "Trust is a key of relationship...", "love me less but love me long...", "Love is made by caring,trust and respect.", "The truth is, I`m still waiting for you till now.", "Smile and don't worry, life is awesome.", "Life is to Taste, not to waste.", "Life is full of struggles.", "Follow your heart and see where you land.", "Love always Hurts.", "You were a moment, but now, you're a memory!", "I need something more to hold then just a phone.", "I hope you're doing fine all alone.", "Maybe, someday, i just might forgive you.", "A broken promise is as good as a lie .", "One day u Will cry 4 me like i cried 4 u.", "Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.", "Love is blind, Be careful", "I wish you weren’t in my dreams.", "I hope we meet again.", "Loving you is like breathing How can I stop?", "LOVE is like HEAVEN...But it hurts like HELL...", "Love people, not things. Use things, not people.", "Forgiveness is the Sweetest Revenge.", "From A to Z all that really matters is I and U.", "You taught me how to love but not how to stop.", "I wish you could love me the way I love you.", "All the things that hurt you, actually teach you.", "If your cute, I'm single", "life is simple if we are simple.", "I know I haven’t changed but I’m not the same.", "I don’t want perfect, i want honest..", "My life ,my rule,that’s my attitude…", "When words fail, tears speak..", "I’ m a good boy with bad habits.", "Love never fail.we fail to love.", "Self-trust is the first secret of success.", "Only you can change yourself, no one else can.", "life is awesome with u by my side", "He had the most cutest smile… I miss him.", "Life is simple, we make it complicated.", "Your mistakes, my troubles..!!", "Don’t copy paste my style…", "i love it..!! plz gift it to me…!! plz", "Kindness is the most meaningful form of progress.", "I still care, that ‘s the problem", "The secret of life is low expectations!", "Never give up. Great things take time.", "Friend of friends…! Heart of hearts..!", "Sleeping to forget some things..!!", "Follow your heart but take your brain with you.", "Being single doesn't mean always available.", "Love never dies...only the lover changes.", "If You Can Dream It, You Can Do It .", "She loves me or not but I love her a lot.", "To infinity…. and beyond!!!", "I’m cool but global warming made me hot", "Error: status unavailable", "Quiet people have the loudest minds.", "Smile and others will smile back", "Train your mind to see good in everything.", "History is made by those who BREAK THE RULES.", "Etc= End of thinking Capacity.", "If you are player then I’m the GAME.", "Loyal females DESERVE the best. Remember that ?", "Real men stay dedicated to only one girl!", "Be Careful As I Draw You I Can Delete You.", "If you don’t mind, it doesn’t matter.", "LIFE – LOVE = ZERO", "GIRL: Describe me in 1 word. —- BOY: Mine", "The person who hates you, loves you the most.", "Be you !!! The world will adjust.", "A smiling face always has a painful heart.", "I am always satisfied with the best.", "Love me or hate me I’m still gonna shine.", "No guts, no glory, no brain, same story", "Life doesn't get easier u get stronger.", "Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.", "When love is not madness it is not love.", "We are shaped and fashioned by those we love.", "At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.", "If I know what love is, it is because of you.", "I only want 3 things: See you. Hug you. Kiss you.", "You're like a drug that's killing me.", "I’m not single, I’m just romantically challenged.", "You’re the reason behind my smile.", "Everyone Makes Mistakes.", "Life is a gift. Treat it well.", "Your Love Is Like Wine; I Want To Get Drunk", "Without words you're nothing.", "They hurt me, I hurt them back with kindness.", "Friends are like doors, they open to let you in.", "Be a star and show them that you are.", "You are special.... But not for me.", "You hate me, I hate you. Problem? ♥", "A relationship is based on trust.", "Love is a bird, let it fly.", "Never give up on something you love", "Study smarter, NOT HARDER", "In Love 'Sorry' Should Not Have To Be Said", "People change, memories don't.", "Love is a feeling, give it when I want it, babe.", "Jealousy is just Love and Hate at the same Time", "Why hurt someone who didn't even hurt you?", "You change your life by changing your heart.", "If your brain was money, you wouldn't have a cent", "I'm Not a Tumblr Girl, But I'm Beautiful", "I love you, just the way you are.", "Just Believe In Yourself", "Awesome ends with Me, Ugly starts with U", "I don't need geography, you are my world. ♥", "Be with someone who brings out the best of you.", "Defeat your enemies with your success.", "To shine like the sun, you need to burn like one.", "Work until you don't  have to introduce yourself", "One day i really want to say- I MADE IT.", "Great power comes with great electricity bills.", "Scratch here ▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒ to reveal my status", "Don't tell people your dreams, SHOW THEM!", "Totally available!! Please disturb me!", "Not always \"Available\".. Try your Luck.", "Food, Water, Sleep, Love, Whatsapp, Repeat it.", "I am not virgin, My life fucks me everyday.", "I lost my Heart Can Any body See...??", "My \"Heart\" is always your!", "In life I need only you!", "So many of my smiles begin with you.", "If you love something set it free.", "I don't even know why I like you. But I just do.", "True love has a habit of coming back.", "Let all that you do be done n love.", "All I need is your love.", "I can't stop missing you.", "Be the type of person you want to meet.", "I love you even when I hate you.", "Love me for a second and I'll love you forever.", "I need you, you need me. Let's make it work.", "My heart is perfect because.. you are inside.", "I need you so much closer.", "When I count my blessings i count you twice.", "Can I borrow a Kiss? I promise I'll give it back.", "You can't stop loving short girls.", "Only you can give me that feeling.", "Love when you're ready, not when you are alone.", "The heart that loves, stays always young.", "Thanks for being in my life", "You are my favorite reason to lose my sleep.", "If you fall in love... be ready for the tears..!!", "I want vitamin \"U\"", "Love isn't complicated, people are."],
    "hww_single": ["I love being single ... until I see a happy couple.", "#Single Because I would rather be alone than be with a guy who makes me feel alone.", "''Things i do in my life:happy being single, enjoy life, endless talking, and wait until there's someone who truly loves me''", "Sometimes i'm single' means i'm drama free, less stressed, and i refuse to settle for less'", "Being single doesn't mean you're not too good to be with the right one, it means you're just too good to be with the wrong one.", "Unhealthy relationship may cause headache, stress and a waste of your time. The cure for this is to be single.", "Don't worry if you're still SINGLE. God is looking at you right now saying, ''i'm saving this girl for someone special.'", "Being single doesn't mean you know nothing about LOVE. sometimes, it is wiser to be alone than with the Wrong person.", "NO love, no pain, no gain, stay Single be Happy;)", "Being single is about celebrating and appreciating your own space that you're in.", "SINGLE because i haven't found someone who DESERVE me :-)", "Being single means that you are yet to meet the LOVE of Your LIFE.", "Changing my relationship status from 'SINGLE' to 'STILL SINGLE'.", "Being single is not necessarily a bad Thing. It is much better than being in an unhealthy relationship with the wrong person.", "I'am not single and I'am not committed..... I'm simply on reserve for who deserve my Heart.", "Being Single Is Smater Than Being In The Wrong Relationship..", "BEING SINGLE ONLY MEANS THAT YOU PATIENT ENOUGH TO WAIT FOR SOMEONE YOU DESERVE AND WHO REALLY DESERVE YOU.", "Being SINGLE is far better than being part of broken RELATIONSHIP.", "I'am single not because i don't pray for love i'm single because I don't play with LOVE.", "If your relationship status say ‘its complicated’ then you should stop kidding yourself and change it to ‘SINGLE.", "Single isn't a status. But it’s a word that describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life Without depending.", "Don't worry if you're SINGLE God is looking at you right now, saying, \"I'm saving this one for someone SPECIAL.", "Being \"Single\" is My Attitude!", "Stay faithful or stay single.", "Single is an opportunity to live life on your own terms and not apologize.", "Dear Weather, please don't be so romantic, I am single.", "Being Single Isn't Easy.", "I think i should made a girlfreind!", "I'm 50% single.", "Keep Calm...I'm Single.", "I’m single because God is busy writting the best love story for me.", "If your cute, I'm single", "Being single doesn't mean always available.", "I’m not single, I’m just romantically challenged."],
    "hww_sisters": ["Big sisters are the crab grass in the lawn of life.", "I can kid the world but not my sister.", "Because angels are sometimes busy elsewhere, God created sisters like you.", "Being sister and brother means being there for each other.", "A sister is for telling secrets and making promises that will never be broken.", "A sister is someone who is there and understands who you..", "Of two sisters one is always the watcher, one the dancer.", "Sisters are different flowers from the same garden.", "I Love MY Sister because She Cares Meee"],
    "hww_sorry": ["I'm sorry, I'm really sorry for being me", "I'm not perfect, I make mistakes and I hurt people. But when I say that I'm sorry, please believe me. Because I mean it.", "I love you - I trust you - I'm sorry - help me.", "i m so sorry my love...", "Don’t say sorry for something you are planning on repeating later.", "I have learned that sometimes “sorry” is not enough. Sometimes you actually have to change.", "Saying sorry was the biggest strength...!!", "I am sorry for felling sorry."],
    "hww_technology": ["If I went binary, you would be the '1' for me.", "If Apple made a car, would it have Windows?", "I don't have a bad handwriting, I have my own font.", "The more I C, the less I see.", "My mom actually believes I'm dating a girl named Siri.", "A good girlfriend saves atleast 20 GB of space on your computers."],
    "hww_thanks": ["Dear past, thaks for all the lessons. Dear future, i'm ready.", "Thank you for staying by my side even though it tried to push you away.", "A warm thank you... For all that you do for me.", "Thanks for your support and understanding.", "Thank you for listening to me.", "Thank you for your lovely wishes it brought smiles to my eyes.", "Thank you god for waking me up today and giving me another precious day of life.", "Thank you god for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.", "I want to thank you for the all the good things you taught me.", "Thanks for being so kind and thanks for your love and care.", "Thank you for the warm and lovely wishes,", "Thanks for always being there!", "I want to thank you for all the patience you had with me.", "Thanks for being in my life"],
    "hww_unique": ["Your heart needs to accept what your mind already knows", "When someone says I Love You, make sure you watch their actions more than their words.", "Sometimes I wish I could read your mind to find out how you feel about me.", "Falling in love is easy, staying in love is a challenge. Letting go is the hardest part and moving on is suicide.", "Beauty is not about having the fairest skin or the prettiest face. It's about having the purest Heart.", "Never be late in saying your feelings for others, because when they're gone,no matter how hard you shout,they won't be able to listen.", "Those who are heartless once cared too much.", "The hardest part is waking up in the morning remembering what you were trying to forget last night.", "Her Problem? She had too much trust in the wrong People.", "\"True Friendship is sitting together in silence and feeling like it was the best conversation you've ever had.\"", "You should save the best part of yourself for the person who desreves you.", "\"Caring for someone is Easy But to Make Someone Care for you is Difficult. So never lose the one who really care for you Heartily.In short don't lose me year..!\"", "Friendship Is not a History to forget It's Not a Maths to Calculate, It's Not English to learn, But it's just like a KOLAVERI SONG No need to Understand just enjoy It...!", "We met it was LUCK!  We talked it was CHANCE! We became friends it was DESTINY!  We are still friends it is FAITH! We will always be friends it is a PROMISE!  TRUE FRIENDSHIP", "You forgive people because you still want them in your life.", "Forgiving people who have hurt you is your gift to them. Forgetting people who have hurt you is your gift to you.", "Friendship is a single soul living in two bodies.", "Love your lover so much that you don't have to ask who were you with? & Trust you friend so much that you don't have to say \"DON'T TELL THIS to anyone.\"", "I don't regret the thing I have done or the things I have chosen not to do because what ever I've done, I must have done soething right because I ended up with you.", "i'm Better than you EX & Better Than your Next.", "Lean on each other's strengths; forgive each other's weakness.", "FRIENDSHIP is something you cannot give without taking and cannot take without giving.", "Do you know which is the best part of life??? Its simple , when your family understands you as a friend and your friends support you as your family.", "Never take someone for granted. Hold every person close to your heart because you might wake up one day and realize that you've lost a diamond while you were too busy collecting stones.", "I like to pretend that I'm okay because I don't wanna annoy people with my problems.", "A Relationship is not based on the length of the time you spent together. It's based on the strength of.. the foundation you bulit together.", "The greatest gift you can give to a special someone is your TIME Its like you're giving the portion of your life that you can never bring back.", "Being Honest May Not Get You A Lot of Friends But It'll Always Get You the Right Ones.", "Some people make you laugh a little louder, your smile a little brighter, and your life a little brighter.", "You will meet two kinds of people in your life; Ones who build you up and Ones who fear you down. But in the end you will thank them both.", "Life stops when you stop dreaming , Hope ends when you stop believing , Love ends when you stop caring and friendship ends when you stop sharing.", "Surrond youself with who ever want to see you fail.", "The hardest goodbye is the one that's never said.", "People like to bring up your PAST when your PRESENT and FUTURE look better than their's.", "When you accept somebody, you accept their past too. Dont hold it against them later.", "If you're so busy looking for the perfect person, you will probably miss the imperfect person who could make you perfectly happy.", "People don't always need advice. Sometimes all they really need is hand to hold, an ear to listen, and a hear to understand them.", "Love me without fear. Trust me without wandering. Love me without restrictions. Want me without demand. Accept me for who I am.", "A powerful source of the ability to love intrinsically is to give service anonymously, when no one knows the source, not even the recipient.", "Blessed are those that can give without remembering and take without forgetting.", "The beloved is one who nurtures you, trusts you, supports you, encourages you, loves you without conditions. That's you.", "Feelings is the language of the soul.", "If the world seems cold to you, kindly fires to warm it.", "There is nothing on earth divine expect humanity.", "Just to be alive and to be of  service to somebody is a reward.", "If something comes to life in others because of you, then have made an approach to immortality.", "Your soul seeks the highest felling. It seeks to experience - to be -perfect love.", "Let no ever come to you without leaving better and happier.", "The action of love has no motive, and every other action has.", "Bloom in love, relase the fragrance of love-that is prayer.", "You can make more friends in two months by becoming intrested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people intrested in you.", "Everyone, no matter how poor, can give something. More than money, the world needs love and sympathy.", "Dream as if you'll live forever, Live as if you'll die today.", "Never expect Never assume Never ask and never demand If it is meant to be, It will happen.", "There are two ways of speading light: to be the candle or the mirror than reflects it.", "If one desires change, one must be that change before that change can take place.", "It's better to light a candle than curse the darkness.", "Don’t say I Love You. Prove it.", "I had some words with my wife, and she had some paragraphs with me.", "A good wife always forgives her husband when she's wrong.", "After marriage, husband and Wife become two sides of a coin ; they just can't face other, but still they stay together.", "A great marriage is not when the \" perfect couple\" comes together. It is when an imperfect couple learns to enjoy their differences.", "To love someone deeply gives you strength. Being loved by someone deeply gives you courage.", "When I found you I felt as if my heart has found its destination.", "Love is like a rubber band held at both ends by two people. When one leaves....it hurts the other.", "Marriage is getting to have a sleep over with your best friend,every single night of the week.", "Protect her, fight for her ,kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her. But do not make her fall. If you don't plan to catch her.", "Before marriage, a girl has to make love to a man hold him. After marriage,she has to hold him to make love to him.", "Before you criticize your partner for their mistakes,make sure you're not one of them.", "A man who treats his women like a princess is proof that he has been raised by a queen.", "A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superflous.", "Dear heart, Fall in love only when you're ready,not when you're lonely.", "Loving him is not a mistake, but thinking that he loved me was.", "I found the right one at the wrong time.", "Dear heart, please stop getting involved in everything. Your job is to pump blood, that’s it.", "Real men stay dedicated to only one girl!", "Love doesn't Need to be PERFECT it just needs to be true.", "Every woman deserves a man who loves her & and respect her and every man deserves a woman who appreciates his efforts.", "Behind every great man there is a surprised women.", "My heart longs for you, my soul dies for you, my eyes cry for you, my empty arms reach out for you.", "Enjoy the little things in life….for one day you’ll look back and realize they were the big things.", "Grow old with me, the best is yet to be.", "I don't know if God exists, but it would be better for His reputation if He didn't.", "Heaven means to be one with God.", "God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.", "God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.", "Smile. It kills the people who want to see you cry.", "If you're stressed, you’ll get pimples. If you cry, you’ll get wrinkles. So, why don’t smile & get dimples? Keep smiling! It's very simple.", "In the book of life, the answers aren't in the back.", "You met me at a very strange TIME in my life.", "Think Less , Fell More.", "Fine - One of the most frequently told 'White Lie'.", "We think too much and feel too little.", "You can't logic your way through emotion.", "Stop looking for happiness in the same place you lost it", "The biggest communication problem is we do not listen to understand. We listen to reply.", "My dream is to be your dream.", "In my dreams you’re mine forever.", "At night i can't sleep. In the morning i can't wake up.", "Do not love anyone and everyone will love you", "Love is made by caring,trust and respect.", "Stars can’t shine without darkness..", "Silence is better than lies.", "\" What we think, we become!..\"", "\" Don't compare yourself to anyone. Be unique...\"", "\" God answers when you least expect it...\"", "It’s good to shut up sometimes.", "Men Never Remember, But Women Never Forget.", "I don’t hate you……….but I have lost all the reason to love you!!!", "The people who want to stay in your life will always find a way.", "Stop worrying about what you have to loose and start focusing on what you have to gain.", "Everyone wants happiness, no one wants pain, but you can’t make a rainbow, without a little rain."]
}
